Montreal, July 4This city has been for a few days past in a state of agitation occasioned by an event which has taken place at Pointe Claire ; and as this matter will be clothed, no doubt, in all the dress of misrepresentatation by our neighbouring enemies, from the information they may receive of it, we consider it a duty, we owe to the community at large in this country, to state the circumstances as they occurred, in a fair, open, and candid manner.By the late militia law, 2000 young men are to be drafted from the general militia of the province for three months to be properly trained, and of course, a certain proportion of this number is to be furnished by each particular district. Some those drafted from the Parish of Pointe Claire refused to march to Lapraire, for the purpose of joining the division stationed there ; in consequence of which, Major, Leprohon, belonging to this particular battalion, was sent on Tuesday last, with 22 attendants, to apprehend these refractory persons as deserters.They apprehended four with some opposition ; and on their way to town with them, they were followed by a considerable number of persons who rescued one prisoner, and threatened that they would next day proceed to the depot at Lapraire, and bring away by force from thence the young men of the parish, who were there on duty. Accordingly, on Wednesday, a large body of these people assembled at La Chine, with the intention of carrying their threats into execution.Thomas M'Cord, Esq. one of the Police Magistrates, about four o'clock in the afternoon, left town, accompanied by the light infantry of the 49th regiment, and a detachment of the royal artillery, with two field-pieces, under the command of Major Plenderleath, and took post on a point opposite to the insurgents (consisting of about 400 persons, 87 of whom appeared to be armed) and at the distance[?] of about two acres. Mr M'Cord, with some other respectable citizens, pointed out the impropriety of their conduct, and the fate that would unfortunately await their perseverance ; urging them, by every persuasion, to disperse and return peaceably to their horses and obey the law.They replied, that they did not consider the militia bill as fully passed–that they were informed it had not received the Royal sanction ; and that although it might have passed the House of Assembly, where it originated, it had not obtained the approbation of the other branches of the Legislate ; that the law, if really enacted, had not been promagated amongst them, and that they were not properly made acquainted with it ; as such, they could not pay obedience to it.Under this false and unfortunate impression, these deluded people persisted ; but at the same time declared, with shouts of *Vive le Roi*  that if the Government wanted their services at any time, they were ready, one and all, to come forward with their lives in the defence of their country, and that they would prove themselves, in the hour of danger, to be faithful subjects to a Government to which they were firmly attached by every principle.Finding, however, that they still persisted in their determination on this particular object, Mr M'Cord, in his Magisterial capacity, read the riot act to them and ordered them to disperse ; which not being complied with, a round shot was fired by the artillery, but elevated above injury, which was returned by the insurgents in a spirited fire with ball, deserving of a better cause. The troops then fired a volley with ball and grape, but still too much elevated to do any harm which was also returned by another discharge from the mob, upon which a few direct shots were fired at them (it being nearly dark) by the military, which made them disperse, and one man was found killed and another wounded, it is feared mortally.
                      
---
Upper Canada York, July, 28.Yesterday, at an early hour, his Honour, Isaac Brock, Esq. administering the Government of Upper Canada, and Major-General, commanding his Majesty's forces therein, arrived at this place from Fort-George, and accompanied by a numerous suite proceeded to the Government Building at four p.m. when he opened the present extra session of the Legislature, and delivered the following speech to both houses :–"Honourable Gentlemen of the Legislature, Council and Gentlemen of the House of Assembly,"The urgency of the present crisis is the only consideration which would have induced me to call you together, at a time when public as well as private duties elsewhere demand your care and attention."But, Gentlemen, when invaded by an enemy whose avowed object is the entire conquest of this province, the voice of loyalty, as well as of interest, calls aloud to every person, in the sphere in which he is placed, to defend his country."Our militia have heard that voice and have obeyed it ; they have evinced, by the promptitude and loyalty of their conduct, that they are worthy of the King whom they serve and of the constitution which they enjoy ; and it affords me particular satisfaction, that, while I address you as Legislators, I speak to mean who, in the day of danger, will be ready to assist, not only with their counsels, but with their arms."We look, Gentlemen, to our militia, as well as to the regular forces, for our protection ; but I should be wanting to that important trust committed to my care, if I attempted to conceal (what experience, the great instructor of mankind, especially of legislators, has discovered) that amendment in our militia laws is necessary to render them efficient. It is for you to consider what further improvements they still may require."Honourable Gentlemen of the Legislative Council, and Gentlemen of the House of Assembly,"From the history and experience of our mother country, we learn, that in times of actual invasion or internal commotion the ordinary course of criminal laws has been found in adequate to secure his Majesty's Government from private treachery, as well as from open disaffection ; and that at such times its Legislature has found it expedient to enact laws restraining, for a limited period, the liberty of individuals, in many cases where it would be dangerous to expose the particulars of the charge ; and although the actual invasion of the province might justify me in the exercise of the full power reposed in me on such an emergency, yet it will be more agreeable to me to receive the sanction of the Houses."A few traitors have already joined the enemy–have been suffered to come into the country with impunity–and have been harboured and concealed in the interior ; yet the general spirit of loyalty which appears to pervade the inhabitants of this province, is such as to authorise a just expectation that their efforts to mislead and deceive will be unavailing– The disaffected, I am convinced, are few–To protect and defend the loyal inhabitants from the machinations, is an object worthy of your most serious deliberations."The speech concludes with a call for supplies.ProclamationThe unprovoked declaration of war by the United States of America, against the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and its dependencies, has been followed by the actual invasion of this province in a remote frontier of the western districts, by a detachment of the United States. The officer commanding that detachment has thought proper to invite his Majesty's subjects, not merely to a quiet and unresisting submission, but insults them with a call to seek voluntarily the protection of his Government.Without condescending to repeat the illiberal epithets bestowed in this appeal of the American Commander to the people of Upper Canada, on the administration of his Majesty, every inhabitant of the province is desired to seek the confutation of such indecent slander in the review of his own particular cirumstances. Where is the Canadian subject, who can truly affirm to himself that he has been injured by the Government in his person, his property, or his liberty? Where is to be found, in any part of the world, a growth so paid in prosperity and wealth as this colony exhibits? Settled not thirty years by a band of veterans, exiled from their former possessions on account of their loyalty, not a descendant of these brave people it to be found, who, under the fostering liberality of their Sovereign, has not acquired a property and means of enjoyment, superior to what were possessed by their ancestors. This unequalled prosperity would not have been attained by the utmost liberality of the Government, or the persevering industry of the people, had not the maritime power of the mother country secured to its colonists a safe access to every market where the produce of their labour was in request. The unavoidable and immediate consequence of a separation from Great Britain, must be the loss of this inestimable advantage, and what is offered to you in exchange? To become a territory of the United States, and share with them that exclusion from the ocean which the policy of their Government enforces ; you are not even flattered with a participation of their boasted independence ; and it is but too obvious, that once exchanged from the powerful protection of the United Kingdom, you must be re-annexed to the dominion of France, from which the provinces of Canada were wrested by the arms of Great Britain at vast expence of blood and treasure, from no other motive than to relieve her ungrateful children from the oppression of a cruel neighbour ; the restitution of Canada to the empire of France, was the stipulated reward for the aid afforded to the revolted colonies, now the United States ; the debt is still due, and there can be no doubt but the pledge has been renewed as a consideration for commercial advantages, or rather for an expected relaxation in the tyranny of France over the commercial world. Are you prepared, inhabitants of Canada, to become willing subjects, or rather slaves to the despot who rules the nation of Europe with a rod of iron? If not, arise in a body, exert your energies, co-operate cordially with the King's regular forces, to repel the invader, and do not give cause to your children, when groaning under the oppression of a foreign master, to reproach you with having too easily parted with the richest inheritance of this earth–a participation in the name, character, and freedom of Britain.[The proclamation concludes with a declaration, that should the Americans refused quarter in consequence of Indians being found in Canadian ranks, that a severe and rigorous retaliation will take place.]Isaac Brock, Major-Gen. and President Head-quarters, Fort George, July 22, 1812.
                      
---
Quebec PapersProvincial Parliament of Lower Canada Legislative Council –Aug 1.This day at two o'clock, his Excellency the Governor in Chief went in the usual state to the Legislative Council Chamber, and being seated on the Throne, the Gentlemen Usher of the Black Rod was sent to command the presence of the Assembly, which being come up, the Honourable Speaker of the Assembly said–"May it please your Excellency,"His Majesty's faithful subjects, the representatives of the province of Lower Canada, have passed a bill, intituled, "An Act of facilitate the Circulation of Army Bills." Their loyalty, and the happiness of this province in being connected with, and powerfully protected by the British nation, are the basis of their constitution, and the just grounds which gave rise to the formation of the militia, and the firm determination to defend this country against the unexpected and unjust war that the United States have lately declared ; they are, therefore, under the greatest obligation to your Excellency for having communicated to them your wise precautions, on the means to ameliorate and insure for several years, the punctual payment of the army, by circulating bills, the reimbursement of which is guaranteed in England. To give them greater credit, the bill limits the sums necessary, and, moreover, provides for the interest, the advantages accruing therefrom, and even for the payment of the principal in specie in this province, which has become expressly bound for the same at a fixed period, to any person whatever, who, from the state of his private affairs, would prefer such payment."In full confidence that, under the present and any unforeseen circumstance, your Excellency is invested with all necessary authority, the representatives of the province and their constituents rely on the wisdom already experienced of your administration, and in the name of the Commons of Lower Canada, I have the honour to present this bill to your Excellency, humbly requesting thereto his Majesty's assent."His Excellency was pleased to signify the Royal assent.His Excellency then addressed both Houses, and the Provincial Parliament was prorogued to the 16th of September.
                      
---
Extract of a letter from Montreal Sept. 25"Our Friend Mr – arrived in town from New York a few days ago. On his way he passed three days at Plattsburgh, the head-quarters of the American army, which, from ocular observation, he states to consist of 8 or 10,000 men, under the command of General Bloomfield, Mooar, and Petit. This force is composed of 3 or 4000 regulars, about the same number of militia, and some volunteers from the southward. The militia is almost all from the state of New York, for the Yankees still refuse to march. with this force no doubt is entertained here but they will make an attack ; and if they mean to make it this season, they must be prompt in their movements, for the weather is getting cold, and they are not well clothed or appointed. Mr –, indeed, states half of them to be without shoes or stockings, which will never do for a winter campaign in this country. To repel the threatened attack, we are making every preparation in our power, and the Canadians seem well disposed to second the Government. Sir George Prevost has established a cordon, the left of which is at Chambly, and extending to Chateaguny ; the main encampment is half way between St John's and La Prairie. Colonel Murray is at St John's with a battalion ; and the Isle-auNoix is strongly fortified, with a boom and a chain secured across the river. This line of defence is composed of four regiments of the line, and 2000 drafted militia, with a corps of about 400 Canadian voltigeurs, raised last spring. The Royals, a very strong battalion, lately arrived from the West Indies, are now marching to join the camp. The citizens, both here and at Quebec, mount guard, and do garrison : indeed there are in this island (Montreal) five battalions of militia, say 3 to 4000 men, pretty well disciplined, and who on an alarm could march to this cordon in half a day.– A new regiment of embodied militia has lately been formed by drafts from the different regiments of inrolled militia in this island, and old Major Murray is appointed Lieutenant-Colonel. The gentlemen of the North-west Company army are forming a corps of their voyageurs, who will be most useful troops to act in advance with the Indians. The number originally proposed was 200, but the men have come forward so handsomely, that they are to consist of 500. Mr M'Gillivray is Lieutenant-Colonel Commandant of this corps, Mr Shaw, Major, and the other partners of the Company are Captains and subalterns ; so that the men being commanded by those whom they have accustomed to obey, may be considered as already disciplined, at least in point of subordination."Sir George confines his operations to mere defence. La Motte, with about 70 Indians, advanced through the woods, about ten days ago, within hearing of this redoubtable army, and set up a war whoop, which so completely terrified them that though they could see no enemy, they lay on their arms for two two successive nights, in no expectation of an attack–to prevent which, they cut down their best bridge, and destroyed all the roads by which I suppose they mean to invade us. Mr –, who was several days at their headquarters, and who was offered the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel in the army, has, it is said, proposed to Sir George to destroy their camp with 500 men ; and Sir George is said to have replied, that his plan was fixed, not to make any attack nor to send a man across the line."This forebearance, which the Yankees impute to fear or weakness, tends only to increase their insolent swaggering, and their enmity is to inveterate to be allayed by any thing but hard knocks."
                      
---
