Colonial Intelligence*Death  of The Duke  of Richmond.*By the Henry, arrived in the rive from Quebec, we have advices from thence of the 4th September, three days later than the last accounts. They confirm, we regret to say, the intelligence received at Lloyd's on Friday, of the death of the Duke of Richmond, at Montreal, where he had arrived on his return from inspecting the new settlements in Upper Canada. His body had been brought from Montreal to Quebec, where it was lying in state at the time the Henry sailed. His daughter Lady Mary Lennox, continued in the most afflicting state, and great fears were entertained for her recovery.Lady Sarah Lennoc, his Grace's second daughter, is married to Major-General Sir Peregrine Maitland. They accompanied his grace to North America, and have remained there since he entered upon his Government. His Grace was the lineal descendant of the first Duke of Richmond, natural son of King Charles II. by a French Lady, who was created by his Majesty Duchess of Portsmouth, and by Louis the Fourteenth, Duchess of Aubigny, in France. His titles were, Duke of Richmond, Early of March (English honours) ; Duke of Aubigny, (French Honour) ; Duke of Lennox, Early of Darnley, and Baron Methuen of Torbulton (Scots Honours). The title of Aubigny was confirmed in March 1816, by Louis XVIII by causing the estate of Aubigny to be assigned to him, and granting him the honours of the Louvre, as enjoyed by his Grace's ancestors. He was a Lieutenant-General in the army, Colonel of the 35th regiment of foot, Gonervor of Plymouth, Governor of Upper and Lower Canada and their dependencies, Lord Lieutenant of the county of Sussex, and High Steward of Chichester. –His Grace was born in 1764, succeeded his uncle, Charles, the late Duke, in 1806, and married in 1783 Charlotte, daughter of Duke of Gordon, by whom he had issue seven sons and seven daughters, all of them now living, except his third son, Henry Adam, R. N. who fell overboard the Blake, as she was sailing into Port Mahon, in 1812, and was drowned. His Grace was distinguished early in life by a duel with His Royal Highness the Duke of York. He was of an open, candid, generous temper, and of plain and unaffected manners, qualities which were particularly conspicuous in Ireland, when Viceroy of that country.His Grace is succeeded in the Peerage his eldest son Charles, Earl of March, now Duke of Richmond. This young Nobleman in the army, has seen much active service under the personal auspices of the illustrious Wellington, being one of his Grace's Aides-de-camp, and was one of the Representatives in Parliament for the City of Chichester, which seat, of course, becomes vacant. He was lately married to the eldest daughter of the Marquis of Anglesea, and has issue, a Son, now Earl of March.The following is extracted from the Quebec papers:"Quebec, Thursday, Sept. 2. "This Province has again been visited by one of those afflicting dispensations of Providence, which by separating by the hand of death, the ruler from the people, covers whole communities with mourning."An express arrived here yesterday morning from Montreal, with the afflicting intelligence chief that his Grace the Duke of Richmond, Governor in Chief of these Provinces, had died on his way from Kingston to Montreal, at the moment that he was hourly expected to join his family there, from which he had separated in good health at Kingston, one the 20th, to complete by visiting the new Settlements, the long and arduous journey in which he has been engaged.This melancholy and utterly unexpected intelligence, spread with the greatest rapidity, and impressed a deep gloom throughout the city. The flag on the citadel, and on all the vessels in the port, was hoisted half-mast, exhibiting every where the signals of public mourning."His Grace's body, immediately after his death, was conveyed to Montreal. It reached this city last evening in the steam-boat *Malsham*, and was removed this forenoon to the Castle, with the usual military honours, and followed by his Grace's Staff, the principal Civil and Military Officers in the City and Garrison, and a great concourse of mourning inhabitants."September 5. "His Grace's remains were conveyed from Montreal to Quebec, in a steam-boat. At ten o'clock, one the morning of the 2d of Sept. they were removed from the vessel, and placed upon a hearse upon the King's Wharf at Quebec, from whence it was conveyed to the Chateau of St. Louis, where they lay in state until four o'clock on Saturday the 4th September, when they were removed to the place of internment in the Cathedral Church at Quebec."On the corpse being brought out, the collar and insignia of the Order of the Garter, with his Grace's military and other appointments being placed on the coffin, the whole of the troops presented arms. On its being placed on the hearse, the troops rested on their arms reversed."The procession then moved forward. It was composed of all the principals persons attached to the public, military and civil departments."The military band filed off at the door of the Cathedral Church-yard and conducted it up the centre aisle, when it was played on a platform, the mourners remaining by the body. A signal was then given, when the body was deposited – 15 guns being fired."Extract of a letter, dated Quebec, Sept 5 :–" When I wrote the first side, I did not expect so soon to communicate the melancholy event of the death of our Governor, the Duke of Richmond, who was attacked on his route from Upper Canada, with symptoms of hydrophobia, which terminated his mortal career at six miles from the settlement of Richmond. He was perfectly sensible of his situation, and gave himself up from the first spasm which attacked : it was occasioned by a bite of a tame fox at Sorel, on his way to Upper Canada, about three months since. His death, at this juncture, is looked on as very unfortuante for this country, as he possessed the entire confidence of Government, and was about completing a plan of defence for the Canadas, which, when executed, would establish a water communication with our extreme points, perfectly free from interruption, in case of a war with the States."We are happy to learn, further, that no part of his Grace's family was so dangerously ill, as was at first reported. They are only in that situation which might be expected, from so severe an affliction.Colonel Wilson had succeeded the late Duke of Richmond as Governor-General of both Canadas, being the senior Officer on that station.Sir Charles Saxton, and Major M'Leod, Aides-deCamp to his Grace the Duke of Richmond, have gone to Lake Winnipeg, clothed with special powers, to investigate the causes of the unhappy dissentions which are said to have been lately renewed in that quarter between the North West and Hudson's Bay Company. By the new act, regulating the commercial intercourse between the province of Upper Canada and the United States, the duties on the importation of manufactures and provisions from the States are considerably reduced on [?] of the enumerated articles, although on nails, snuff, manufactured tobacco, and spirits, they are riased. The *ad-valorem[?]*  duty is reduced from 10 to 5 per cent.Buffalo, Aug. 4. On Friday, came[?] on before the Court of King's Beach, at Niagara, the trial of Robert Gourlay, Esq. for a misdemeanour, in not obeying the orders of the Magistrates at Niagara, in December last. Mr Gourlay was found guilty, and banished the province.From the Quebec Gazette of 26th August: This morning, about 9 o'clock, Lieut. Birch, of the royal navy, put a period to his existence by shooting himself through the head. We are informed that Mr Birch had for sometime previous to his death laboured under a melancholy state of mind. An amiable[?] wife and one child are the survivors[?] of this awful [?] The Annual Report of the Agricultural Society of Quebec has been published from which it is evident that a laudable spirit of enterprise has been awakened in that important country. The Committee, who, in the execution of their functions travelled through the greater part of Lower Canada, conclude their Report by putting on record a testimony they justly conceive to be honourable to the character of the inhabitants of the country through which they passed. Although many hundreds of persons from all parts of their respective Counties attended the Agricultural Meetings, which were frequently of four or five hours duration, there did not occur at any of them a single instance of intoxication, disorderly conduct or personal altercation.The Grand Jury at Nassau, New Providence, have brought in a bill against Sir Gregor M'Gregor, charging him with aiding and abetting piracy, by issuing commissions in the Bahamas, to subjects of Power in unity[?] with Spain.A letter from Sierra Leone, dated the 9th of March says–" It is with the deepest regret I inform you that, notwithstanding the liberality of Great Britain, and the faith of Treaties, the coasts swarms with slave vessels, dragging thousnads of its miserable inhabitants into endless captivity. A few days ago arrived here the Union, of Liverpool : the Supercargo states, that during his stay in the river Calabia, not less than eight vessels, averaging 500 slaves each, had sailed for the Spanish Colonies."We have received *Gibraltar Chronicles*  to the 10th ult. from which we learn that, in consequence of the rapid increase of the fever at the Isle de Leon, his Excellency Governor Don had issued a Proclamation on the 2d ult. announcing that all communications with Spain (except through the customary process of quatine) would close at sun-set on the following evening. Notice was also given to such of the labouring classes as had not passed the fever, that they would be provided with tents and encamped on the neutral ground for their better security against infection should it unhappily appears in the fortress. They would not be suffered to proceed to town, and follow their callings, during the day, but heir return to the encampment at night was peremptorily enjoined.We are happy to learn, however, by the latest advices from the British fortress, that the garrison and inhabitants were not at all infected with the disease.
                      
---
In answer to the remarks which appeared in our paper on Monday last, respecting emigration to America, and to the statements there given of the disadvantages which emigrants from this country might expect to meet with, we have received a very abusive letter from an anonymous correspondent, who appears very angry, and, like most other angry men, seems more anxious to give full vent to his wrath than to assign any good reason for it. His first cause of quarrel is, that we have stated the general want of cleanliness to be a prevailing defect in the back parts of the United States. For this we have the authority of almost every traveller who has visited those parts. The remarks of Birkbeck on this point are conclu-sive and striking: –' In viewing the Americans (he observes) and ' sketching, in a rude manner, as I pass along, ' their striking characteristics, I have seen a de' formity so general, that I cannot help esteem' ing it national, though I know it admits of ve' ry many individual exceptions. I have written ' it, and then erased it, wishing to pass it by, ' but it wont do – it is the truth, and to the truth ' I must adhere. Cleanliness in houses, and too ' often in person, is neglected to a degree which ' is very revolting to an Englishman.' America was bred in a cabin ; this is not a ' reproach – for the origin is most honourable ; ' but as she has exhanged her hovel of unhewn ' logs for a framed building, and that again for ' a mansion of brick, some of her cabin habits ' have been unconsciously retained. Many have ' already been quitted, and one by one they will ' all be cleared away, as I am told they are now ' in the cities of the eastern states.' There are, I believe, court-houses, which ' are also made us of as places of worship, in ' which filth of all kinds has been accumulating ' ever since they were built. What reverence ' can be felt for the majesty of religion, or of ' the laws, in such styles of abomination ? The ' people who are content to assemble in them ' can scarcely respect each other. Here is a bad ' public example. It is said that to clean those ' places is the office of no one. But why is no ' person appointed ? Might it not be inferred ' that a disregard to the decencies of life prevails ' through such a community?'To the same purpose Cobbett complains of the ' general (for there are many exceptions) sloven' liness about the homsteads, and particularly ' about the dwellings of labourers. Mr Birkbeck ' complains of this, and indeed what a contrast ' with the homesteads and cottages which he left ' behind him, near the exemplary spot, Guild' ford, in Surrey.' He then proceeds to give the reasons for this. When the first settlers took possession of the country, the ' example of neat' ness (he observes) was wanting. There were ' no gentlemn's gardens, kept as clean as ' drawing-rooms, with grass as even as a car' pet. From endeavouring to imitate perfec' tion men arrive at mediocrity ; and those who ' never have seen or heard of perfection in these ' matters, will naturally be slovens.'He afterwards remarks –' The market day at Guildford is a perfect ' show of cleanliness. Not even a carter without ' even a clean smock-frock, and closely shaven ' and clean washed face. Well may Mr Birkbeck, ' who came from this very spot, think the people ' *dirty*  in the western country. I'll engage he ' finds more dirt upon the necks and faces of one ' family of his present neighbours, than he left ' behind upon the skins of all the people in ' the three parishes of Guildford. However, he ' would not have found this to be the case in ' Pennsylvania, and especially in those parts where ' the Quakers abound ; and, I am told, that in ' the New England States, the people are as ' cleanly and as neat as they are in England. ' The sweetest flowers, when they become pu' trid, stink the most, and a nasty woman is the ' nastiest thing in nature.'In answer to all this, our correspondent tells us, that the Scotch are very dirty. This, we admit, was formerly, and may still continue in some degree to be, the reproach of the Scotch. But does this reasonable person mean to argue from this, that dirty habits are amiable, and ought not to be corrected.With regard to the difficulties of effecting a settlement, we are borne out in our remarks on this subject by the authority of various writers, and principally by the autheor of the Emigrant's Guide, a work of great merit, which combines an extent and precision of statistical information altogether unequally, with the most enlarged general views of the state of the country, both physical and moral. ' Most men (observes ' this judicious writer) on arriving in the United ' States, expects too much. Perhaps the only ' essential advantages offered are the security of ' person and property, and the cheapness of land. ' It demands excessive labour, severe economy, ' and exepmtions from extraordinary accident, to ' succeed in a newly settled country ; and it de' mands the permanency of this continued la' bour, prudence, and favourable circumstances.'Our anonymous correspondent is also extremely displeased that we have stated so strongly the perincious effects produced on the general manners of the Americans by the existence of slavery ; and he mentions that many a labourer in this country might envy the condition of an American slave. What are those privileges for which a free man should envy a slave he does not think proper to state. To show, however, that we have not exaggerated the degradation and oppression of the coloured class in the United States, we shall again adduce the authority of the Emigrant's Guide. The author is contradicting the notion that the labourer in the slave States is confounded with the negroe ; and he expresses himself in the following terms: –' A residence of 16 years in places where sla' very is prevalent, enables us to contradict a ' general expression, that, in such places, whites, ' performing manual labour, are confounded in ' the moral estimates of the people with slaves. ' Though less respect is certainly paid to useful ' labour in the slave states than where all the ' duties are performed by whites, yet ' the distance between the two races of men are ' in all cases immense. So deep, profound, and ' inveterate is the feeling on that subject, that ' not any where in the United States can pro' perty, sobriety, intelligence, and every other ' advantage, expect colour, raise in public opi' nion a man the most remotely allied to the ' African, to a rank equal to the meanest white. ' Any person who resides a few years in Louisi' ana will be witness to some very remarkable ' exemplifications of this innate contempt for all ' those who affinity involve them in the con' tumely heaped upon men degraded by slavery.'What a picture is here conveyed of misery and degradation on the one hand, and of tyranny on the other. – Here we find it failry confessed that no degree of worth, whether moral or intellectual, not even the possession of property, can give a man the least degree of consideration in the eyes of the privileged class. We cannot conceive a community more wretchedly constituted. All that is estimable and worthy is here utterly contemned, because the individual who possesses these qualities happens to have his skin of a particular colour, and thus a merely accidental quality of the corporeal frame entails upon its unhappy possessor everlasting ignominy and contempt. These distinctions, carried to such an excess, seem to us to be founded on the extinction of every generous and honourable sentiment, and we cannot help still asserting that we had rather live we at present are, than in a community where such hateful antipathies rule to the exclusion of every just and humane feeling.With regard to the condition of the negroe slaves we shall quote a passage from Brown's Western Gazetteer or Emigrant's Directory after reading which, we shall leave our anonymous correspondent to say whether he thinks the condition of a labourer in this country preferable to that of being an African slave. The writer, describing the town of Lexington, in Kentucky, observes –' In this square stands the market-house, ' which is of brick, and well furnished on Wed' nesdays and Saturdays ; but occasionally the ' scene of a barbarous practise ; for it is here ' that incorrigible or delinquent negroes are ' flogged unmercifully. I saw this punishment ' inflicted on two of these wretches. Their ' screams soon collected a numerous crowd ; I ' could not help saying to myself, " These cries ' are the knell of Kentucky libery.' "Having made this answer to the angry charges thus brought against us, we have only to disclaim, in the strongest terms, all hostility or prejudice against the Americans. We have no wish either to depreciate their character or institutions. They exhibit the interesting spectacle of a nation advancing with an irresistible pace to wealth and greatness. To revile such a people would be the height of human folly, and equally foolish is it for their blind admirers to take offence because endeavour to make a fair estimate of their character, without hiding any of its defects.
                      
---
Colonial Intelligence York, (U.C.) Nov, 4.*Lord Selkirk vs. North West Company*.On Friday, the 30th of October, the Court of Oyer and Terminer proceeded to try the gentlemen accused as necessaries to the murder of Robert Semple, Esq. and others at Red River, on the 19th of June, 1816 and the trial was rendered extremely interesting by the disclousure which took place of many extraordinary circumstances connected with the Hudson's Bya and North West Companies, which for some time past has excited so much of the public attention in this Province. The gentlemen tried on this occasion were, Messrs. Alexander Mackenzie, Hugh M'Gillis, Simon Fraser, John Macdonald, and John M'Laughlin } accused as accessories after the fact. and Mr John Severlight, accused as an accessory *before *and *after*  the fact.It appeared in evidence that the North West Company had been upwards of thirty years in possession of trading posts called *forts*  at different points on the Red River in the Indian Territories, and it is well known that for a century before the North West Company, the Canadian for traders had been in the constant practise of resorting to that country which was visited for the first time by traders of the Hudson's Bay Company about twenty-five years ago. It was put in evidence that for many years afterwards both companies carried on their trade to Red River without interference in each others pursuits, and without any disturbance in the country ; and it was explained that the principal object of the trade being to collect provisions, (enlisting chiefly of the dried flesh of the buffalo, which abound in the plains) and the country producing abundance for the supply of both parties, the same causes of dissention did not exist as at trading stations where the fine furs are obtained in small quantities, and where rival traders would at all times be likely to dispute about the divisions of them. The Red River country therefore remained quiet and undisturbed until the arrival of the Earl of Selkirk's Colonists and Servants, and the attempts made by their leaders to prevent the usual supplies of provisions from being obtained by the traders.The proclamation of Miles Macdonnell the soi-disant *Governor of Ossinibour*, prohibiting the exportation of provisions from Red River, was the first document produced for the defence at the recent trials. It was proved that, under this assumed authority, several acts of violence were committed by Mr Macdonnell and his followers. Trading posts and buildings were forcibly entered, depots of provisions seized, the river (the only outlet from the country) blockaded by batteries mounted with cannon, and the trade of the North West Company wholly interdicted, before any acts of retaliation were attempted on their part, and even before they took any precautions for their own defence or for ensuring the safety of their provisions, on which depended the existence of their trade, and the lives of their people.Mutual and continual acts of aggression and retaliation appeared to have exasperated the minds of both parties, and to have rendered them so suspicious of the designs of each other as to be always on their guard and prepared for defence. In short it appeared in evidence that the country remained in a state of private war, which at length ended in the *battle*  of the loch of Jane, 1816. The particulars of this unfortunate affray were fully investigated in the trial of Bouche and Brown for murder, as *principals*. The statements on both sides are already before the public, and the acquittal of the prisoners shows sufficiently that the jury considered Mr Semple and his party to have been the assailants. On the trial of the alleged accessories the cirumstances which led to the meeting of the hostile parties were made out in the evidence to the following effect, viz : –In *March*, 1816, Mr Colin Robertson, with an armed party, acting under the orders of *Governor **Semple*, who had succeeded *Governor*  Miles Macdonnell at Red River, captured by surprise the North West trading post at the forks of the river, called *Fort **Gibraltar*, and took possession of all the stores and provisions. In the latter part of the following month of May, Governor Semple caused the buildings (which were of wood) to be taken to pieces, and the materials were floated fown the river in rafts, to be used in constructing his new fort, which he called *Fort Douglas *and where, (following the examples of his predecessors) he mounted cannon to command the passage of the river, built an armed schooner, or gun-boat, to complete the blockage, and effectually to intercept the provisions and trade of the North West Company. Mr. Alexander Macdonnell, a partner of the North West Company, who had charge of their provisions at Riviere Qui Appele, one of the branches of the Red River, became alarmed at these measures of hostility, and assembled as many people as he could (half breeds and others) for the protection of the property under his care, with which, at the usual time, he proceeded down the river till he arrived within sixty miles of Governor Semple's fort. He then landed his provisions, made dispositions to defend them, if attacked, and sent a party of his people, with a temporary supply to meet the canoes from below, apprise them of the blockages, and concert with them the means of eluding or removing it. This party, under the direction of Cuthbert Grant (a half breed, and a clerk of the N. West Company) was ordered to land above Fort Douglas in order to keep out of the reach of the cannon, and to carry these provisions in carts, at as great a distance as possible from the fort, so as to avoid being seen.– This it was fully proved they did ; but a swamp in the rear of the fort compelled them to pass within about two miles of it, and being deserted and pursued from then, the conflict ensued in which Mr Semple, and most of his party, were killed.It was further made out in evidence that in the Spring of the year 1816, the agent of the North West Company at Montreal were still in need of more than the usual supply of provisions from the Red River, because there had not yet been time to replace the vessels on the lakes, and the other means of transport which the Americans had destroyed during the war, nor to replenish their stores at Fort William, with the usual quantity of provisions from Canada. Having also heard of the seizure of one of their posts at Red River in the fall of the year 1815, and apprehending further aggressions in the spring, Mr M'Leod, one of the agents, with all the partners and clerks who could be spared from Montreal, proceeded up the country early in the Spring, and on arriving at Fort William, received intelligence of the capture of Fort Gibraltar and the blockade of Red River, towards which place he immediately proceeded with as many of the partners, clerks, and servants of the Company as he could collect by the way, in order to rescue the intercepted provisions, in the defence of which, or in their own defence, if fired on by Semple's blockading battery, it was their avowed purpose to use force if necessary, but it was distinctly proved that their intentions and orders issued to their cannonmen, were, to pass Fort Douglas singing, and to proceed up the river for their provisions, without landing or molesting any one unless they should be attacked.–They arrived at Red River three days after the battle, and Mr M'Leod, who was a Magistrate, being of opinion that Mr Semple's party had been the assailants, and that the half breeds had only acted in self defence, did not adopt any measures against them, (the half breeds) but, on the contrary, expressed approbation for their having defended their provisions, and gave them the supplies of clothing, &c. usually given to all the servants of the North West Company, while, at the same time, he arrest some of the survivors of Mr Semple's party, and served subpoenas upon others to give evidence of these transactions in the Courts of Lower Canada. This was the whole of the evidence, and the only circumstances which appeared relative to the prisoners, were that Mr Sevewright (the alleged accessory before the fact) was with Mr Alexander Macdonnell when he sent off Grant and his party to escort the provisions past Fort Douglas, and that the alleged accessaries after the fact arrived at Red River with Mr M'Leod, after the battle was over, and appeared to consider it, as it is now found to have been, an affray in which the unsuccessful party were to blame, and in which the successful party *were not murderers* –The Judge who presided at the trial, declared in his charge to the jury that there was not a *scintilla*  of evidence " against any one of these gentlemen," and the jury accordinagly returned a verdict of *Not Guilty*.It will be recollected that these gentlemen were arrested by the Earl of Selkirk, at Fort William, in Aug 1815, on the charges of High Treason and Conspiracy, as well as Murder–and that the buildings and property of the North West Company at that place were forcibly seized and subsequently retained by an armed force under his Lordship's command. The North West Company represented at the time that these accusations were merely a pretext set up to palliate the preconcerted plunder of their property, and destruction of their trade, while, on the part of Lord Selkirk, it was alleged that the crimes committed by the partners of the North West Company were so atrocious, as to justify his Lordship's proceedings against them ; and for some time the public opinion remained in suspense as to the real merits of the case. So far as regarded the seizure of property and the interruption of trade, the point was decided by the Prince Regent's Proclamation of the 3rd of May, 1817, in consequence of which the North West Company recovered possession of their property, and re-established their trade ; but that proclamation left the rights of parties, and the crimes alleged against the individuals, to be investigated and decided upon by the law – and until such investigation could take place, much uncertainty necessarily prevailed from the contradictory statements and affidavits which had been laid before the public.The recent trials at York however decided the point as to the alleged *murders*, and the charge of *High Treason*  has never been followed up, nor ever mentioned, since it served the desired purpose, by figuring in Lord Selkirk's Warrant as a pretext for seizing and examining the books and private papers of of the North West Company.
                      
---
Reform in Upper CanadaIt has been already mentioned that Governor Maitland, on opening the session of the Legislature of Upper Canada, recommended that measures should be taken to prevent the meeting of delegates for obtaining reform in Upper Canada. Accounts from Quebec and Montreal, dated the end of November, state, that in pursuance of this recommendation, the Legislature, on one of the first days of its meeting, appointed a Committee to inquire into the subject, who almost instantly came to the following resolutionResolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee that some such legislative provision should be enacted as the wisdom of the Imperial Parliament has found it proper to provide to meet similar occasions, to put it out of the power of any designing persons to organize discontent.The proceeding appears to have raised the indignation of the Gourlay or reforming party in Upper Canada, as will be seen by the following extract :–Montreal, November 21. This legislative provision, it will be immediately perceived, is the suspension of the Habeas Corpus act, for that was the course pursued in England. We do not believe that there is the most remote necessity for such a measure. We do not hesitate to say, that the members have not spoken the sentiments of heir constituents, in their echo of Sir P. Maitland's speech, with the most humiliating servility ; and we feel convinced that it will not be borne with by the people, while they have the control in any way of their representatives. The sentiment therein attempted to be disseminated is an libel on the truly loyal people of Upper Canada. It would sound in our ears like the knell of their liberty, if we were not persuaded, that its adoption would provoke a spirit of resistance, not corporal, but mental ; not secret and illegal, but open and legitimate, which (if the Administration do not take the decision of the question from the people by force, and we believe they cannot nor dare not) will serve to purge the constitution of the united province from the injury which it has received by mal-administration.
                      
---
New colony in Lower CanadaThe following curious notice is extracted from a Quebec paper:–Interesting to thousands! – Colony of Brotherly  Union."It is in agitation to found a colony upon the ancient Spartan plan, sanctioned by apostolical usage, of living a common, and enjoying a community of goods. In this establishment, as each will labour for all, and all for each, personal property will be unknown – and all Just of priate gain, engendered by an imperfect organization of society, will be sacrificed at the shrine of public felicity"To carry this project into execution, a fertile tract of land, consisting of some thousands of acres, is on the point of being purchased and surveyed"Husbandmen and artisans of every sort are invited to this colonization. We tender the right hand of fellowship to the honest and industrious of every description of people, whatever be their religious of political faith."Want of funds will not furnish a reason for excluding any colonist ; and, on the other hand, it will be a fundamental law of this establishment, that whatever property may be, by adventurers, put into the common stock, will be considered as a loan, and refunded to them r their assignees on demand."The colony will be situated within the bounds of Lower Canada, and under the protection and control of his Majesty's Government."All persons who are willing to embark in this enterprise are requested to address themselves to the subscribers, personally or by letter. They will specify their country, age, profession, number of children (if married) , propery, &c."No letter will be received by from principals, nor unless *post paid*  – Every letter to bear on its superscription the words, ' Colony of Brotherly Union.'"s soon as a sufficient number of applicants shall have inrolled their names, notice will given by public advertisement to convene and digest a code of laws and regulations for the establishment." S. Cleveland BlythSt Contant, Lower Canada, Dec. 3. 1818"The several gentlemen who conduct the public paers printed in these provinces and the neighbouring states of America are respectfully requested to give the above one insertion *pro bono publico*."
                      
---
Colonial Intelligence. Halifax, March 13.A very numerous and respectable meeting of the inhabitants of this town was held at the Exchange Coffeehouse, on Saturday last, George Grassie. Esq. to the Chair. It was resolved unaminously–That the Legislature be petitioned to authorise the establishment of a bank in Halifax.–That 50,000l be the capital, to be invested in the British funds.–That notes to the amount of 150,000l be issued by the Bank.–That the shares be 100l each, and every five shares, according to a classification, entitled to a vote.–That the Bank be authorised to pay notes presented, either in specie, provincial paper, or bills of exchange on London at the current rate – A Committee was then appointed to prepare the Petition, and cause it to be presetned to the Legislature. The gentlemen present immediately afterwards unanimously agreed to give to the doubloun the value of 4l and to the sovereigh the value 1l, 2s. 6d. currency. The meeting then adjourned.York, Upper Canada, Feb. 6. Tex v. The Earl of Selkirk and othersA bill of indictment, for a conspiracy to ruin the trade of the North West Company, and impoverish the partnes thereof, was found by the Grand Jury, against Thomas Douglas, Early of Selkirk ; J. B. Chevalier de Lorimer, Captain in his Majesty's Indian Department ; Captain Pratais D'Orsonnens, late of the De Meuron Regiment ; Captain Frederick Matthey, ditto ; Lieutenant G. A. Fauche, ditto ; Lieutenant Frederick Graffenrad, ditto ; Serjeant Jacob Vichie, ditto ; Captain Miles Macdonnel, late of the Canadian Fecibles ; Lieutenant Alexander Bridport Beecher, late of the Royal Navy ; Doctor John Allen, John Spencer, Donald Macpherson, James Chatelain, John M'Nab, Archibald Macdonald, and John P. Bourke.The indictment contains three counts ; and amongst the numerous overt acts therein set forth, supported by documentary and oral evidence, the following were particularly prominent :– The engaging and armind a number of disbanded soldiers (foreigners) ; the entry of them, by force of arms, into Fort William, in August, 1816 ; retaining possession of the fort till May 1817 ; sending off as prisoners the partners of the North West Company found there ; getting rid of the clerks, by subpoenas to appear at York at a period when no courts are held there, without ever inquiring whether they know anything of the matters to which the subpoenas related, and without ever bringing them forward afterwards ; stopping of the outfits from going into the interior, and the returns from coming into Montreal ; possessing themselves of all the books and papers of the concern ; sending away the principal clerk under a charge of felony, without examination, and without having ever followed up the charge ; the pretended sale, by Daniel Mackenzie, of the North West property, obtained by his Lordship by means of continued duress ; tampering with, and debauching the North West Company's servants, and commanding them in the King's name ; writing circular letters to the partners and clerks in the interior country, advising them to abandon their trust, alleging that the North West Company were ruined, and to carry the furs to Hudson's Bay ; taking possession of Fort Lake La Pluie, and the property there, and stopping the navigation, &c, &c.Upon this being returned a true bill the AttorneyGeneral moved the process of the Court against the parties ; and Dr Allen being present, was to be arraigned the following day.Wm Smith v. The Earl of SelkirkThis was a civil action brough by Mr Wm Smith against Lord Selkirk for false imprisonment.It appeared in evidence that the plaintiff was undersheriff of the Western District, and as such, the bearer of a writ of restitution founded upon a verdict of a special jury at Sandwich, in October 1816, and granted by the Magistrate, ordering the restoration of Fort William to the North West Company. He was also the bearer of a warrant, for felony, issued against his Lordship, Dr Allen, Captain Matthey, and others, upon an information upon oath before a justice of the Peace. Mr Smith got to Fort William on the 19th of March 1817, and produced his writ of restitution, with which his Lordship refused to comply ; and when the Earl and others were arrested by Mr Smith, upon the warrant for felony, his Lordship laid hold of him and pushed him out of doors ; and he was afterwards kept in close custody in the fort under a military guard. A circumstance which added much to the grievous nature of the offence, and which was particularly dwelt upon by the Judge, in his charge to the Jury, was, that whilst Mr Smith was kept in a rigorous confinement, Charles de Reinhard, though under an accusation of was at large and keeping a school, though nominally under the surveillance of one or two of his former comrades. The Chief Justice also remarked upon another part of the evidence for the defence, by which it appeared that the only option left to Mr Smith to obtain his liberty was that of abandoning his duty, and breaking his oath of office, by a promise not to molest Lord Selkirk. Mr Smith, however, notwithstanding this proposal, persisted in doing his duty, and was not liberated until the evacuation of Fort William by his Lordship and his forces in May, 1818.The Jury after some deliberation, returned a verdict in favour of the plaintiff.– Damages L.500 Halifax currency.After narrating the military parages, &c. at Richmond, in America, in honour of the 22d of February, a journal says, " A melancholy catastrophe closed the day. Colonel W. Tatham, so well known in England and this country, for his acquaintance with civil engineering.–who has been residing in this city for two or three years, but whose utility was considerably arrested by an unfortunate habit to which he had become addicted–was destined on that day to breathe his last.– In a moment of intemperance, as he stood by the piece of artillery which was firing the evening salute, he exclaimed that he wished to die. As the second gun was about to fire, and immediately after the commanding had given the word " Fire!" Conolonel Tatham presented himself in front of the muzzle of the piece, and by its discharge his abdomen was almost literally blown to pieces. His body was raised a few feet in the air by the explosion, and he fell upon his face without uttering one word that was heard by the byestanders.– Colonel Tatham died without any family. Circumstances had strip life of much of its attractions in his eyes ; but it is impossible not to regard the manner of his death with horroer, and to feel the deepest commiseraton for his melancholy fate. He was a man of great information, of great genius, and of great resource of mine. But to this melancholy end he has arrived."
                      
---
Leeds, *April*  19.–We have been somewhat alarmed here to-day, though no bad consequences have followed, by a most numerous assemblage of croppers, cloth-dressers, and other artisans and labourers out of employment. They kep coming in at an early hour in the forenoon from Wortley, Armley, Holbeck, and all the neighbouring towns and villages and it is computed that at one time there were full three thousand of these distressed people assembled, chiefly in Briggate. As many of them marched into the town with great sticks in their hands, they created some little alarm, but their conduct was uniformly peaceable; their complaints were not loud, though they might be deep ! The worthy Mayor and Magistrates, with the whole of the Civil Power, were in readiness to act as circumstances might require; but, fortunately, there was not the slightest occasion for their interference. By far the greater number of the assemblage dispersed by noon, and returned to their respective homes. Several respectable gentlemen went among them, to ascertain the motives of their thus assembling ; and from every inquiry it does not appear that they have the least disposition to commit any breath of the peace ; but in fact, the people know not what to do in their present state of distress. I understand that an active subscription is going, to enable a number of these poor men to proceed to Canada; and others are said to have expressed their wish to be sent to Botany Bay, provided they can obtain the sanction of Government. The case of these people is a very perplexing one ; for their numbers augment daily by fresh discharges from the various manufactories.Chester, *April*  19.–John Bagguely, John Drummond and Samuel Johnson, convicted of sedition on the 15th inst., were this day, after an adrdress from the Chief-Justice (Mr Serjeant Copley,) sentenced to two years' imprisonment, and to find security for their good behaviour for two years, each in L.500 himself with sureties in L.100 each.We are sorry to hear that great number of the agricultural poor are out of employ in Monmouthshire, and that the amount of wages diminishes as works get scarcer. Emigration to America still continues; but it is, for the most part, of a description of person who have afforded employ to others rather than require it for themselves. Many also take some property with them.Amongst the recent emigrations to the United States, there are twenty six persons belonging to one family, (Quakers, of the name of Thistlewaith,) lately residing in Meadow lane, Leeds. These industrious and enterprising individuals are gone with an intention of carrying on the woollen manufacture (in conjunction with others) on an extensive scale, either at Philadelphia or some other more eligible site in its vicinity. Several other families are preparing to emigrate from the same neighbourhood, as well as from Dewsbury, Bradford, and other places in the vicinity. It is true these extensive emigrations may, in some degree, contribute to relieve our overburdened population ; but they must likewise tend, in an equal ratio, to impoverish the nation ; as every individual and family who emigrate, setting aside the pecuniary wealth they carry with them, take what is of far more consequence to a commercial nation–their talents and industry–articles, at present, of comparative small value in the country.The very heavy impost which is at present levied upon authors and publishers, by being compelled, under the existing Copyright Act to deliver eleven copies of every book published to certain public libraries, is likely to be repealed by a Bill to be brought into Parliament in a few days. The body of evidence taken before the Select Committe of the House of Commons last year, forms a most interesting display of the state of literary property in this country.Saturday last Mr Stuart and Mr Allsop were returned for the Borough of Camelford.Yesterday, the Grand Jury for the County of Middlesex found two Bills of Indictment for wilful and corrupt perjury against five of the principal witnesses produced in behalf of the petitioner, who were examined before the Select Committee appointed to try the merits of the election fo Penrhyn.*Extraordinary Legacy.* –A very singular cause is now depending before the Court of Session in Scotland, respecting a legacy to the amount of upwards of *fifty thousand pounds,* bequeathed by the late Earl of F. (who died at Berlin) to a foreigner, who was one of his domestic servants. The payment of the legacy is disputed by the heir-at-law of the late Earl, on the ground that it was given for a highly immoral consideration ; and from its novelty the case is, of course, the subject of much conversation in the Northern Metropolis. The arguments and pleadings in this extraordinary suit, in which the most eminent counsel of the Edinburgh Bar are engaged, display much classical as well as legal learning ; but no judgement has yet been pronounced by the Court. From the magnitude of the sum in dispute, it will probably be finally determined by an appeal to the House of Lords.– *Morn. Chron.**Town Hall, Southwark.* –Thomas Wing was brought up by Reeve, the Marshalman, and examined before Sir John Earner[?], the sitting Magistrate, charged on suspicion of robbing his employers, Messrs Sentance and Flint, grocers, NO. 300. Borough, High-street.The prisoner's detection was caused in the following singular manner :–He was porter to the prosecutors, and was frequently about the shop ; a large house dog having seen him take money from the till, which he tied in his pocket handkerchief, followed him about till he saw him conceal it in a shed near the stables, and then he came into the shop and appeared quite restless, pulling every person by the skirt[?] and apparently wishing them to follow him. At length Henry Heydon, the apprentice, having occasion to go to the stable, the dog followed him, and having drawn his attention to the heap of rubbish, under which the money was buried, began to scratch at it till he brought the booty to view ! The apprentice brought it to his master, who counted, and found it to contain 12s. in copper coin. After marking it he desired the boy to place it in the same spot, which he did, and soon afterwards, finding that it was removed, he asked the prisoner some questions about it, but he declared his ignorance of the whole transaction. Reeve, the Marshalman, was then sent for, who, on searching the prisoner, found some of the marked ballpence[?] in his pocket.–Remanded. *Bank Committee.* –The Opposition Journals, last wek, asserted that the Rank Restriction Committee of the House of Commons intend to report in favour of Mr Ricardo's plan of paying in specie. That is, the Bank shall pay next January in gold bars at the present price of gold, L.4 1s. per ounce, any quanitity of notes not being less than sixty or a hundred pounds' worth, and that in two years afterwards they shall pay them in gold bars at the standard price of gold, L.3, 17s. 10 1/2 per ounce. Mr Ricardo's plan goes farther. It recommends that the Bank shall never pay in coin, but in bars of gold, at the standard price ; in short that the Bank shall at all times buy gold, when offered, at L.3, 17s. and sell it, when demanded, at L.3, 17s. 10 1/2d.If the Opposition Journals be correct in stating that the Restriction Committee intend to report in favour of payments in bullion at the market price ; and should Parliament adopt that plan ; then there will be a very great saving to the nation in the expense of coinage, the waste of, &c. All the purposes for which a metallic currency is necessary in foreign commerce, will be answered as well by payments in gold bars as by payments in coins, and the danger of a domestic run on the Bank for gold coin in a moment of panic, as in 1797, will be completely prevented. This is, indeed, at all times, the only danger to which it is exposed. A run for coin on the Country Banks would instantly fall on the Bank of England, and would cramp, if not dry up,the currency throughout the empire, producing the greatest confusion. Now, if the Opposition Journals be correct, the currency will be placed in perfect security, at perfect ease. Nothing will be able to disorder it. If persons will hoard specie, they must purchase gold bars or foreign coin, or content themselves with silver.In the year 1815 and 1816 we imported corn only to the amount of L.800,000 each year, and then the value of gold was rather below the standard price. In the year 1817 we imported to the amount of six millions, and in the year 1818 we imported to the amount of eleven million Sterling. During the last two years the price of gold rose. Should we have an abundant harvest or two, and little importation of corn become necessary, gold will again fall very low. The Bank will then be able to pay, to buy gold to the full extent of Mr Ricardo's plan, and to place their notes on a firm, unquestionable foundation. The finances of the continent, and of the world, indeed–the sources and circulation of money will, during peace, gradually become steadier and better known. The East Indies at present drain away an extraordinary quantity of specie, while Spanish America, in consequence of her troubles, yields far less than usual. It would be madness to fly in the face of all these circumstances, by compelling the Bank to pay in gold coin. Perhaps it may be desirable to limit the issue of bank notes to some certain, yet liberal amount. We pretend not to anticipate the Report of the Committee ; but, if some rumours be true, we augur favourably of it. It[?] is said Mr Tierney divided the Committee, and stood alone in voting against the Report. Thus, then, the Report cannot be in favour of a very sudden or decided plan for the resumpion of cash payments, or Mr Tierney would not have voted against it ; and yet it must hold out a reasonable prospect of a rational scheme for that resumption, or the other five or six Opposition Members of the Committee would not have voted for it. – *Courier*.*Grand Pigeon Match*, three Gentlemen of the Midgham Club, against thrice of All England, took place on Monday on Farnham Downs, at twenty-one birds, twenty-one yards distance from the gun, for 150 guineas aside, charge unlimited. Messrs Adams, Russel and Holt, were selected from the Crack Club against Messrs King, Short and Keans. The sports were as follows ; Mr Adams killed nineteen birds, and the remaining two were severely hit. Russel killed eighteen, but lost one three yards out of bounds, and Mr Holt bagged sixteen, making a grand total of fifty-two from sixty-three. The Club was at first backed to win, but the England shots were now backed freely at six to four, as they were considered safe *eighteen*  bird men. Mr King killed twenty, but lost two out of bounds. Short missed his first three, which brought betting to two to one onn the Club, but he killed the next seventeen, and missed the last bird. Mr Keans had seventeen to tie, and eighteen to win, and he was back at five to four and at two to one, after killing eleven birds in succession. He, however, missed the seventeenth, and had to kill the other four to win. He succeeded, and the prize was won by once bird. It was altogether the most interesting match of this sort known for years.Letters from Petersburgh, of the 15th ultimo, mention that Prince Gustavus of Sweden, son of King Gustavus IV., has obtained permission from the Emperor, his uncle, to proceed to England, for the purpose of completing his studies at Oxford. Reports speak highly of the virtues and talents of this unfortunate young Prince, who excites universal interest and sympathy in the north of Europe. In these feelings we must largely share, for we cannot easily forget the associations with which the name of *Vasa*  was connected, not the services rendered by two Sovereigns of that Illustrious House to the cause of civil and religious liberty. It is said that a great Potentate, whose generosity and magnanimity are proverbial, has settled upon Prince Gustavus an allowance of L. 2,000 Sterling per annum, during the residence of the latter in England, and that on the return of his Royal Highness to the Continent he is to espouse his cousin, a Princess of Hesse Cassel, who, if rumour be correct, has lately refused a matrimonial alliance with the new Swedish dynasty.Papers arrivedon Saturday from New York and Boston to the 15th ult. The National Intelligencer, in an article occupying five columns, under the head of "Strictures on Mr Lacock's Report on the Seminole War," defends the sanguinary proceedings of General Jackson. This production is said to have excited a great sensation throughout the United States, being supposed to express the sentiments of the Executive. The General had left Washington for his residence in Tenessee. By an arrival from Aux Cayes, intelligence was stated to be received that Sir G M'Gregor's troops had deserted him, owing to the want of funds for their subsistence.
                      
---
Colonial IntelligenceSome Canada papers to the 11th let. have arrived in town. Sir Peregrine Maitland had summoned the Parliament of Upper Canada to meet him at York, on the 22d of April. He had appointed Port Talbot in the town of Dunwich, a port of entry, in the same manner as those established between Canada and the United Statess.Extract of a letter to a Gentleman in George-town, dated Tobago, Feb. 9. 1819.–' The heavy rains which continued during the months of December and January, almost inundated the country, which brought on a most rapid and fatal disease, which made its first appearance in the frost, at a short distance from the town, consisting of 212 men strong, and in 10 or 12 days, 45 of that number were numbered with the dead. The contagion was so rapid, that it soon spread into the town, shipping, and country, and proved equally fatal. The disorder was such, it baffled all medical aid. The alarming symptoms were such, that business was nearly suspended–the white population seeking safety in other islands, or in the remote and healthiest part of this. I assure you, that every thing had a most gloomy appearance ; and the disease was so contagious, one man would hardly venture to touch another. The William's crew, from their mutinous disposition, deserted her–some have since died ; and some remain sick. The weather has become good within these fifteen days, and the health of the island improving fast.'A series of Sierra Leone Gazettes, to the 20th of February, have reached us. They contain no intelligence of particular interest, expect that the colony appears to have been healthy at that period. In one of them we find a contradiction of the reports which found their way into the English papers some months since of the dreadful mortality that prevailed in that settlement. It states that the "total number of Europeans who died in the Peninsula in 1818, was eight men, three women, and two children. We lost no civil, military or colonial officer, excepting one young Gentleman who died a month after his arrival, and is included in the number."A letter from the Havannah, dated 27th February, mentions that the article of coffee is gradually rising in value, and that an agent from Messrs Baring is making purchases there to the amount of 1/3 a million sterling, in that single commodity.
                      
---
Extract of a letter from William Hunt, esq."  To H. Hunt, esq."Washington Hotel, New Orleans, Dec. 25. 1818." My Dear Brother  – We arrived safe in the mouth of the Mississippi on the 10th of this month, after a voyage of 82 days from Gravesend. Your son and myself are in excellent health, and very happy. There are 35 English vessels from Liverpool now here, and a great many English emigrants from Yorkshire, Nottinghamshire, Lancashire, Wiltshire, Hampshire, and Somersetshire ; and, in fact, from almost all parts of the heavily-taxed island we have left behind us ! Our ship was detained near a week in the river, about 80 miles below New Orleans ; we all went on shore, and had plenty of rabbit shooting. I killed the most with my double-barrelled gun, by Knock, corner of Fetter-lane. Henry, myself, and Mr Blake went one day into the woods to kill deer, by night coming on, we lost our road ; and, differing in opinions, we separated, Henry and Mr Blake taking one road, and myself the other. I reached the ship (about five miles) at ten o'clock ; but they remained lost all night in the woods, and did not return to us till the next morning. It being wet, and Henry sleeping on the marshy ground, in spite of the remonstrances of Mr Blake, caught a severe cold, and suffered much with rheumatic pains for four days, but he is now perfectly recovered : he is grown fat. In the river there are thousands of wild swans, wild geese, wild ducks, woodcocks, snipes, and other wild fowl. If you were there, you would kill a waggon load in a day, as I know you have frequently killed a horse load in England ; but they are a thousand times more numerous here than I ever saw them in England ; this market swarms with them, and very cheap. No game certificate required here. Myself, Henry, Mr Blake, and the other passengers, visited a French farmer, about six miles below New Orleans : he has got 3000 acres of his own land, whereon are sugar plantations, sugar-houses, & c. ; he made 250 hogsheads of molasses of sugar last year. He offers five hundred acres of good land with his pretty daughter, as a fortune on her marriage. There are plenty of French settlements on the banks of the Mississippi ; but they are the most slovenly and the worst farmers I ever saw. – They are very lazy, bad managers, and appear to use their negroes very cruel, and work them very hard. The Europeans generally leave New Orleans in the summer, as it is very unhealthy in the hot weather and the deaths are frequently seventy in a week. The scenery of this country is very picturesque ; it is very much like the banks of the river Thames about Richmond and Staines, and many of the buildings are as handsome as those of Bath. Here is one Church, which is a very beautiful building. On Sunday the French and Spanish shops are all open, and it is a market during the whole day ; balls and the theatre open in the evening, gambling & c. We are at the Washington Hotel, the best in the city ; it is expensive, although very good living here : we pay ten dollars a-week each, including claret and rum and water. There is no beer here in warm weather as in England, and it is as warm here now as it was in England in July, although not half so oppressive and stinking as it was in Covent Garden during the election : 60 persons dine and sleep in this hotel, most of them English. We do not trouble ourselves about politics in this country ; our object is to cultivate the soil, and to reap the fair reward of our labour. On Saturday we were charged 100 dollars each for passage, and four dollars six cents for every hundred weight. We have three and a half tons weight with us. Do pray send me four quarters of the best peas, rye, grass seed, and some more of Hill's Scots ploughs, to be left at Messrs Brown and Co. who will forward them carefully to me at the Illinois. Mr Trimmer, an Englishman, has purchased 20,000 acres of land near Mr Birkbeck, and has taken twenty couple of hounds with him, so that we shall have some hunting as well as shooting if we like. It is said that he is about to marry one of Mr B.'s daughters. He is now here : he tells me that there are plenty of English farmers settled all over the Illinois territory. He is here to get labourers ; they are the only thing wanting there. I should have brought over some with me, but they may follow us ; as I understand the labourers, with the pay of a dollar a day, can live better than a Hampshire or Wiltshire renting farmer of L.300 or L.400 a year. Mr Riply, and others that I have seen from Illinois, report that the farmer can get a sure profit the first year. Mr Ripley says there is a good sure market, and a fair profit and only one penny per acre land tax ; this is all the taxes we shall have to pay. Price of labour is very dear here ; we pay a dollar for washing every dozen of shirts, cravats, pocket handkerchiefs, & c. & c. The price of a gallon of best rum is one and a half dollar. The custom-house duty on my things shipped from England, I have paid 92 dollars for. Although I should like England very well if it was not for the taxes, yet, from what I have seen hitherto, I like America ten times better
                      
---
Emigration to AmericaImportant Extracts of a Letter from a very Intelligent and respectable Engineer in Louisville, dated January 20. 1819."The best time for coming to America I should judge to be in the summer, to land in September, so as to be able to get here before the weather was too cold. It is safe to settle in the beginning of winter or spring, so as to inure to the climate by degrees. The best plan for coming is to take a part of the steerage of a vessel, and find your own provisions; you will save more in this way, over a cabin passage, than would buy a decent farm here. The lands in this neighbourhood raise a crop of wheat and one of corn alternately, and improve ; dung is never applied, and is said to be hurtful. It is without question what the land here is as good as can be, and when to this is added the heat of the summer, one ought to be able to raise crops as heavy as they will stand. You wonder at 10 dollars being enough to clear an acre. It is not cleared, all the trees under 12 inches are cut down and burned on the ground, and the large ones are killed by cutting round the bark. The ground is then prepared for Indian corn by scratching it with a hoe, or a kind of shuffle, which, from the looseness and mellowness of the soil, is easily done, and in this way sixty or eighty bushels an acre are sometimes raised. – the trees die in a few months, and in three or four years fall down one by one, and the roots will rot out in seven or eight years. It is a great want of sense in any new settler not to adopt the modes of this country, proven to be the best adapted to the state of it by 200 years experience. The Americans, of all other people I know of, are the most ingenious in adapting the means to the end. I do not know if they have more sense than other nations, but they certainly make it go farther. Every tools answers the purpose most effectually. This is evident in their axes. An American will cut down three times more trees and square three times more timber than the best of your wrights could do, and not by more strength but by fitter tools. So it is with cutting their grain ; a man will cut down four acres of wheat in a day, what what he calls a cradle scythe, and lay it as refular for binding as reapers can do. Sixty bushels of Indian corn is the average of Kentucky ; but 25 bushels of wheat is about the average of an acre. It is easier farming here than with you on sundry accounts ; the soil is free, few weeds make their appearance, and when ploughed down are certainly killed by the hot sun. There are no frosts to injure the crop, and no wet weather to destroy it when cut. Hay is made in two days, and grain is cut one day and stacked or housed the next. From the shortness and mildness of the winter, little provender is needed for the stock. Swine are raised at no expence. They breed and feed in the woods, and only want from one to three bushels of corn to fatten for killing, when they sell for five cents a lb. In the less settled parts of the country, it is the practise to give all the corn to swine and then send them to market. A bushel of corn is equal in nutriment to a bushel of wheat for man or beast.
                      
---
The brig Henry sailed from Cork on Wednesday se'ennight, with about two hundred passengers for Aux Cayes, to join Sir Gregor M'Gregor, who lately landed on the Spanish Main with a small force. General M'Gregor, it seems, left authority with Colonel Eyre to recruit men for his service, and to ship them as he best could. – There are a number of idle gentlemen about Dublin at present, and also many in the country, who have been captivated with the speculation of embarking in the Patriotic cause, and for some time they have appeared in the streets in fanciful uniforms. We understand that Col. Eyre has formed a Committee, who treat with such young gentlemen as have the inclination to proceed on the enterprise, and have money to pay for such rank as they may wish to possess under M'Gregor. The money thus furnished is made a stock purse to pay the freight of the vessel, and hence it is necessary that the greater part of the adventurers should be *officers*  ; for those who are contented with the humble station of privates are not required to contribute and their passage, subsistence, &c. must be defrayed by the common fund. Mr D'Evereaux, from the county of Wexford, is also raising men for the same service, but under different circumstances. He professes to have authority from General Bolivar to grant commissions, and to ship the men he may raise for head-quarters in Venezuela. Mr D'Evereaux has not yet dispatched any men, and Col. Eyre has certainly shewn more activity in this respect. – *Dublin Journal*.
                      
---
Colonial IntelligenceAdvices have been received again from the Cape of Good Hope of 6th March, which are several days later than those acquired formerly. Of the rising of the Caffres there remains no doubt, although it does not appear that Government have as yet received official information regarding it. The private accounts state that two valuable officers had lost their lives, and also a great number of men. The Governor himself in order by his presence the sooner to suppress the Caffres, had, with a competent force, proceeded to the interior. Great inconvenience was experienced for the want of cavalry in so extensive a country ; had not this been the case, it was believed that in a very few days tranquility would have been restored.We are sorry to state that another hurricane has taken place in the Isle of France ; it commenced on the 25th January, and has done great mischief to the shipping, and also to the plantations of that ill-fated Island.A Dutch mail has arrived, with papers to the 19th inst. At Batavia, two of the leaders of the late disturbances have been tried and execute, and that degree of tranquility which terror produces has been restored. In the administration of their colonies in the east, the conduct of the Dutch has always been cruel and oppressive ; and it is to be regretted that the extensive and fertile island of Java should have been surrendered to their rapacity. During the short time that it was in possession of this country, various important improvements were introduced into its domestic administration ; the practise of torture, according to the humane and enlightened maxims of British jurisprudence, was abolished ; new and better modes of collecting the revenue were adopted ; and a spirit of mildness and of regard for the interests of all the various classes of which the population is composed, was evinced, which made the British Government highly popular.Considerable anxiety prevails among the merchants for the safety of the Queen Charlotte, Jamaica packet. She sailed from Jamaica the 29th March, and had a great quantity of specie on board. No things have since been received of her. Several vessels sailed since her departure, and have arrived safe. The Ocean quitted Jamaica on the 6th of April, and arrived here several days since.Several passengers landed at Portsmouth on Thursday from Jamaica, bring Port Royal Papers to the 25th of March. The 50th Regiment had arrived at Kingston, from Cork ; and the 2nd West India Regiment was about to embark for Sierra Leone to be disbanded.
                      
---
Emigration.The increased population of this country, as well as the great difficult to which the middling classes of society are exposed in their efforts to procure the ordinary means of sustenance, has given rise to the formation of little copartnerships, or joint stock companies of individuals, who, being unable to command capital enough singly, to encounter the expences of a new settlement, have put their little funds together, with a determination to sail for America, and there jointly to labour for the general good of the whole, until fortune shall so far favour their efforts as to enable them to become independent of each other. By this means much less than the hundred pounds stipulated by Mr Birkbeck as the proper stock for an emigrant to begin with, will be sufficient ; and thus a new impetus will be given to that tide of huma beings which is constantly flowing towards the new world. Would it not be policy to give encouragement to these industrious swarms to settle in our own colonies? We have heard with some pleasure in rumour that several parishes have taken into their serious consideration the prudence of establishing a fund for the encouragement of those poor persons who may be dispoed to seek a means of occupation in Canada ; in furtherance of which laudable design, an application is to be made to Government for grants of land in desirable siutations, especially in Upper Canada, where the climate is described to be of the finest description. There is no doubt that many who are now pining in workhouses would gladly accept of such an alternative, and who, instead of being, as at present, a burthen to themselves and to society, would, by their exertions, be adding to the importance and stability of our possessions in that quarter, as well as opening a new source for the consumption of our manufactures.
                      
---
Letter from Mr Morris Birkbeck"English Prairie, (Illinoia,) Nov.25. 1818." Sir  – Your favour of 15th June is before me. Presuming you retain a copy of the queries, I proceed to answer then in order: – Respecting domestic servants ; what may be the condition of our colony in two years it is impossible to foresee, but should it be in your power to bring with you female domestics, it would be well to do so ; also a carpenter or two and a few labourers ; if with families, so much the better. Written engagements for a term, or indentures, are not binding, unless renewed on this side of the Atlantic. I have not seen any of these documents, and can therefore give you no precise directions for them : perhaps a simple engagement from the parties, acknowledging as a debt the expence incurred in bringing our, might be a sufficient security, leaving their wages to be determined here according to the current rates, yet to be established by the proportion of supply to the demand, which, as I remarked above, it is now impossible to ascertain. As to the number of labourers, or female domestics, you would need perhaps six of the former and two of the latter would a safe adventure, looking to the colony for an addition, should you need it, after you are settled – before that you will find a greater number an incumbrance : this is, I think, all I can say to your first, third, fourth, and fifth queries. All expence of transfer of your family and luggage, supposing the latter to weigh ten thousand pounds, I should estimate under L.1000 sterling. On this particular subject Mr R. Flower would give you most particular information – The luggage would cost about ten dollars per 100 lbs. So much for your query. To the seventh query – I think L.200 would assist your family in plenty for a year, exclusive of wages and clothing. Eighth query – L.3000 would be a good capital for a section, or 640 acres, and I question your wishing to hold in cultivation a larger tract. Ninth query – I consider our situation not liable to future disturbance from Indians, in the event of a war between Great Britain and the United States, being covered by increasing settlements to the west, north-west, and north. Tenth query – The earthquakes mentioned by Bradbury I have heard of from many persons ; but I have not discovered that it has left any impression on the public mind ; on this score, for my own part, I feel no anxiety about the matter ; Great Britain, I suppose, in proportion to its dimensions, is equally liable to earthquakes. Elenventh query, – The route by New Orleans will, I have no doubt, be preferable to that by the eastern cities. When due precaution against the diseases of the climate are observed, I have never failed to recommend it. Twelfth query – The health of my family has not suffered from the climate. One of my sons has been affected with ague. This summer has been more sickly in these parts than any season for seven years past, and has afforded me a most encouraging confirmation of the temperature and salubrity of our settlement, and has also afforded immeasurable proofs of those facts regarding the sufferings of new settlers, to which I have so anxiously invited the attention of the readers of my journal. On the whole, provided common sense should be seconded by common industry, in the inclosure and cultivation of our colony, I think we shall not be visisted by more than our due share of physical calamity. I deferred noticing your second query, the subject being connected with the proposal respecting land, at the conclusion of your letter. I would strongly recommend your deferring the purchase of land until your arrival. It would be difficult to convey to you the reasons, but you would feel the propriety of my advice, should you come. I think you would have as good a choice two years hence as now, because excellent siutations, as yet unsurveyed, will then be on sale. I have no eligible offer to make you beyond a section. You inquire concerning venomous reptiles ; they are no source of injury or alarm to us. Insects, in new countries, often abound to an astonishing degree, and are sufficiently teazing to man and beast. Many species yield instantly to cultivation, and are heard of no more as plagues ; others will continue until conquered by order and industry. The thermometer ranges from 13 below zero to 89 above ; the extremes are, of course, of rare occurence, and short duration. At Philadelphia, I understand, it rose this summer 97, and in this neighbourhood, in the low river bottoms, I believe it might reach that degree. On our praire I think it never reached 89. The smaller streams are rapid and soon dry ; the larger sluggish in the extreme – catfish, perch, sturgeons abound, and many others I believe. I think 1000 dollars would build a comfortable plain dwelling. – Your obedient servant, M. Birkbeck.""Directed to W. Wilson, Esq. Batson's Coffeehouse, London."
                      
---
Intended Colony at the Cape of  Good HopeThe following letters explains, in detail, the degree of co-operation which Government proposes to afford to those persons who may wish to emigrate from this country. It will be read with peculiar interest, and it enables us to answer, in the most satisfactory manner, the many inquiries which have been addressed to us, upon the nature and extent of the plan of which the Chancellor of the Exchequer submitted an outline to Parliament just before its prorogation.( Official Circular."Downing Street, London, 1819. I have to acquaint you in reply to your letter of the –, that the following are the conditions under which it is proposed to give encouragement to emigration to the Cape of Good Hope.The sufferings to which many individuals have been exposed, who have emigrated to his Majesty's foreign possessions, unconnected and unprovided with any capiral, or even the means of support, having been very afflicting to themselves, and equally burdensome to the colonies to which they have proceeded, the Government have determined to confine the application of the money recently voted by address in the House of Commons, to those persons, who possessing the means, will engage to carry out, at the least, ten able bodied individuals above 18 years of age, with or without families, the Government always reserving to itself the right of selecting from the several offers made to them those which may prove, upon examination, to be most eligible.In order to give some security to the Government, that the persons undertaking to make these establishments have the means of doing so, every person engaging to take out the above mentioned number of persons or families shall deposit at the rate of L.10 (to be repaid as hereinafter mentioned) for every famly so taken out, provided that the family does not consist of more than one man, one woman, and two children under 14 years of age. All children above the number of two will have to be paid for, in addition to the deposit above mentioned, in the proportion of L.5 for every two children under 14 years of age and L.5 for every person between the ages of 14 and 18.In consideration of this deposit, a passage shall be provided at the expence of Government for the settlers, who shall also be victualled from the time of their embarkation until the time of their landing in the colony.A grant of land, under the conditions hereafter specified, be made to him at the rate of 100 acres for every such person or family whom he shall so take out ; one-third of the sum advanced to Government on the outset shall be repaid on landing, when the victualling at the expenceof Government shall cease. A further proportion of onethird shall be repaid, as soon as it shall be certified to the Governor of the colony that the settlers under the direction of the person taking them out are actually located upon the land assigned to them ; and the remainer at the expiration of three months from the date of their location.If any parishes in which there may be a redundancy of population shall unite in selecting an intelligent individual to proceed to the Cape, with settlers under his direction, not less in number and of the description abovementioned, and shall advance money in the proportion above-mentioned, the Government will grant land to such an individual at the rate of 100 acres for every head of a family, leaving the parish at liberty to make such conditions with the individual, or the settlers, as may be calculated to prevent the parish becoming again chargeable with the maintenance of such settlers, in the event of their return to this country.But no offers of this kind will be accepted, unless it shall be clear that the persons proposing to become settlers shall have distinctly given their consent, and the head of each family is not infirm or incapable of work.It is further proposed, that in any case in which one hundred families proceed together, and apply for leave to carry out with them a minister of their own persuasion, Government will, upon their being actually located, assign a salary to the minister who they have may have selected to accompany them, if he shall be approved by the Secretary of State.The lands will be granted at a quit rent to be fixed, which rent, however, will be remitted for the first ten years ; and at the expiration of three years (during which the party and a number of families, in the proportion of one for every 100 acres, must have resided on the estate), the land shall be measured at the expence of Government, and the holder shall obtain, without fee, his title thereto, on a perpetual quit rent, not exceeding in any case L. 2 sterling for every 100 acres ; subject, however to this clause beyond the usual reservations"–that the land shall become forefited to Government, in case the party shall abandon the estate, or not bring it into cultivation within a given number of years. I am Your most obedient humble servant. * The usual reservations are the right of the Crown to mines of precious stones, of gold and silver, and to make such roads as may be necessary for the convenience of the colony.
                      
---
Colonial IntelligenceA letter from Corfu, dated the 10th ult. states that the Governor of the Ionian Islands, General Maitland, embarked on the 8th inst. for Rome, in order to negotitate a Concordat relative to the Romish Clergy of the United Islands, as it appeared that Lord Guildford, who had been charged with the affair by the Prince Regent, had failed in his negotiation to that effect.Previously to the departure of the Governor, a deputation from the Parguinotes emigrants waited upon him, to claim the sum to be paid by Ali Pacha, for property left in Parga, agreeably to stipulation. General Maitland assured them he would not depart without adopting measures in their favour, and immediately issued a proclamation, appointing a commission of payment. Sir Frederick Adam fills the office of High Commissioner, *ad interim*, during the absence of the Governor.Advices from Demerara are received to the 3d ult. The following is from the Guiana Chronicle of the 24th May:–" We observe by St Vincent: papers, which we have just received, that the Royal York Rangers, under the command of Colonel Smelt, had embarked on board the Diadem and Elizabeth transports for Canada, where the regiment is intended to be disbanded. It is stated that each of the men will have a certain portion of land allotted them in that province for cultivation and their future support.We have received Newfoundland Papers to the 23d ult by which we learn that in the Court of Session, on the 18th idem, Capt. Redman, of the brig San Domingo, from Ross, was ordered to pay a fine of 10l. each, for 20 passengers brought in that vessel over and above the number allowed by act of Parliament; and a further sum of 10l. for not having the regulations respecting passengers posted up in some conspicuous part of the vessel ; making in all a fine of 210l.We subjoin an extract from the Montreal Herald of the 12th June, relative to Mr Gourlay, the celebrated reformer:From the Niagara Spectator, of the 27th May, we find the far famed champion of civil liberty, Mr Gourlay, has again made his debut in an address to the resident landowners of Upper Canada. This production is of the same stamp as him other lucubrations, abounding with strong and vigorous assertions in place of facts–a well wove sophistry to beguile the superficial reader ; and some of the most egregious errors in colonial policy recommended with a speciousness well calculated to deceive. Having so often stated out dissent from the political proceeding of this reformer, it would be deemed intrusive by many of our readers to enter into a refutation of the tenets, or an exposure of the absurdities, contained in his address. By others we might be supposed as exalting over a prostrate foe. Both imputations we utterly disclaim ; while, as men we regret that the mad career pursued by Mr Gourlay has deprived society of the benefits which might have been reaped from his better talents (of which he doubtless has a share), we must, as good subjects, feel happy that his career has been checked without any bad consequences to society.The following is the present distribution of the forces in the West Indies:– 2d Regiment (or Queen's) –Demerara. 4th Ditto–Head-quarters, Grenada, five companies; Trinidad, three companies ; and Tobago, two companies. 5th Ditto–Head-quarters, Antigua, five companies ; St. Christopher's, four companies ; Montserrat, one company. 9th Ditto–Head-quarters, St Vincent's, five companies ; Dominica, three companies ; St Lucia, two companies. 21st Ditto (Fusileers)–Barbadoes. 1st West India Regiment–Head-quarters, Barbadoes, six companies ; St Lucia, one company ; Dominica, two companies ; Antigua, one company. 3rd Ditto–Head-quarters, Trinidad, five companies till further orders. In Jamaica are the 50th, 58th, 61st, and 92d regiment. In Honduras, five companies of the 2d West India regiment.
                      
---
Intended Colony at the Cape of  Good Hope.The following letter explains, in detail, the degree of co-operation which Government proposes to afford to those persons who may wish to emigrate from this country.( Official Circular.)"Downing-street. London, 1819. "The sufferings to which many individuals have been exposed, who have emigrated to his Majesty's foreign possessions, unconnected, and unprovided with any capital, or even the means of support, having been very afflicting to themselves, and equally burdensome to the colonies to which they have proceeded, the Government have determined to confine the application of the money recently voted by Address in the House of Commons, to those persons who, possessing the means, will engage to carry out, at the least, ten ablebodied individuals above 18 years of age, with or without families, the Government always reserving to itself the right of selecting, from the several offers made to them, those which may prove, upon examination, to be most eligible."In order to give some security to the Government, that the persons undertaking to make these establishments have the means of doing so, every person engaging to take out the above-mentioned number of persons or families, shall deposit, at the rate of 10l. (to be repaid as hereinafter mentioned) for every family so taken out, provided that the family does not consist of more than one man, one woman, and two children under 14 years of age. All children ahove the number of two must be paid for, in addition to the deposit above-mentioned, in the proportion of 5l. for every person between the ages of 14 and 18."In consideration of this deposit, a passage shall be provided at the expence of Government for the settlers, who shall be victualled from the time of their embarkation until the time of their landing in the Colony."A grant of land, under the conditions hereafter specified, shall be made to him, at the rate of 100 acres for every such person or family whom he so takes out ; one-third of the sum advanced to Government on the outset, shall be repaid on landing, when the victualling at the expense of the Government shall cease. A further proportion of one-third shall be repaid, as soon as it shall be certified to the Governor of the Colony that the settlers, under the direction of the person taking them out, are actually located upon the lands assigned to them ; and the remainder at the expiration of three months from the date of their location."If any parishes in which there may be a redundancy of population, shall unite in selecting an intelligent individual to proceed to the Cape, with settlers under his direction, not less in number and of the description above-mentioned, and shall advance money in the proportion above-mentioned, the Government will grant land to such an individual at the rate of 100 acres for every head of a family, leaving the parish at liberty to make such conditions with the individual, or the settlers, as may be calculated to prevent the parish becoming again chargeable with the maintenance of such settlers, in the event of their return to this country."But no offers of this kind will be accepted, unless it shall be clear that the persons proposing to become settlers shall have distinctly given their consent, and that the head of each family is not infirm or incapable of work."It is further proposed, that in any case in which one hundred families proceed together, and apply for leave to carry out with them a minister of their own persuasion, Government will, upon their being actually located, assign a salary to the minister whom they may have selected to accompany them, if he shall be approved by the Secretary of State."The lands will be granted at a quit rent, to be fixed, which rent, however, will be remitted for the first 10 years ; and at the expiration of three years (during which the party, and a number of families, in the proportion of 1 for every 100 acres, must have resided on the estate) the land shall be measured at the expense of Government and the holder shall obtain, without fee, his title thereto, on a perpetual quit rent, not exceeding[?] in any case of 2l. sterling for every 100 acres subject, however to this clause[?] beyond the usual reservations*–that the land shall become forfeited to Government, in case the party shall abandone the estate, or not bring it into the cultivator within a given number of years. I am, "Your most obedient servant."* The usual reservations are the right of the Crown to mines of precious stones, of gold and silver, and to make such roads as may be necessary for the convenience of the Colony.There are already three extensive settlements on the South East Coast of Africa, where the finest wheat is produced, with little labour, namely Algoa Bay, St. Catherine's Bay, and the new settlement on the Knysua, a considerable river, which is navigable for large vessels to the Northward. There are also extensive and fertile lands towards Saldanha Bay. As the produce from the new colonists will consist of grain and as the markets of the Cape of Good Hope, the Isle of France, Brazils &c. will in all probability be soon overstocked, the settlers will look to the mother country for a market, when an unfavourable harvest renders the import necessary ; and in anticipation of this event, the merchants interested in the Cape trade intend, we understand, to make an application to Government respecting the Corn Laws, to put the corn from the Cape of Good Hope on the same footing as grain from the British North American colonies.
                      
---
Colonial IntelligenceThe accounts received on Tuesday from the Cape of Good Hope are to the 17th April, which are considerably later than those previously received.Information has just reached Cape Town, that a detachment of troops, joined by a number of the inhabitants, who had been sent to suppress the Caffres, had succeeded in driving them back, and were compelled to cross the river. The corn districts were in a great measure cleared of the savages, and the country-people were returning to their homes, where they considered themselves secure from any further attacks, at least for some time to come.Letters have just been received, via Calcutta, from New South Walves, up to the end of November. The colony was then all well, and several convict-ships (the *Marley, Glory, Mario, Isabella,*  and others) had arrived, having made the passage out direct in the short period of three months and twenty days, and landed all their convicts and passengers in good health. This may be considered as another, among many proofs, that it is unnecessary to make any stay at any intermediate port.Extract of a letter from Sierra Leone, dated January 9"It is with the deepest regret I inform you, that notwithstanding the liberality of Great Britain, and the faith of treaties solemnly entered into, this coast swarms with slave vessels, drugging thousands of its miserable inhabitants into endless captivity. A few days ago arrived here the Union, of Liverpool : the supercargo states, that during his stay in the River Calaba, not less than eight vessels, averaging 500 slaves each, had sailed for the Spanish Collective."" Montreal, May 11"We learn there are about 70 souls, mostly Canadians, preparing to set out from this place, the 25th inst. for Lord Selkirk's settlement on the River Rouge. The number of settlers there at this time, it is said amount to about 590. An intelligent Canadian, in easy circumstances with whom we conversed, and who goes thither with the before-mentioned settlers, with all his family, says he passed a winter there when engaged in this for trade and reports it to be a fertile country, and the climate much milder than that of Canada. Thus, there is every appearance, that this Colony, in the course of time, will become populous and flourishing."
                      
---
Intended Colony at the Cape of  Good Hope.The following official circular has been [?] from the Colonial Department, in answer[?] to[?] ap-[?] plications for information on the subject[?] referred to:–"Downing Street " Sir –In reply to your letter of the [?] [?] by Earl Bathurst to inform you, that as the [?] inctly specifies the nature and extent of the [?] will be granted to individuals who may be [?] as settlers of the Cape of Good Hope [?] tions under which alone that as instance [?} is only necessary to refer you to those [?] that no proposal can be accepted which is not [?] formity with the offer of his Majesty's Governance."With reference to your particular [?] mode in which the views of the settlers may [?] I have to acquaint you, that it is not in Earl Bathurst [?] to communicate to you that species of [?] can most properly be afforded by the practical [?] or obtained upon the spot."The settlers will be located in the [?] not far from the coast ; and in allotting to them [?] Government have agreed to grant[?] them [?] their wishes will be consulted, and attended [?] be consistent with the public interests of the [?]."The settlers will be enabled to purchase [?] [?] of agricultural implements in the [?] although they are not debarred from taking [?] derte supply of these articles as well as [?] will find no difficulty in purchasing seed corn[?] [?]."The settlers will not find habitations ready [?] ception."The person under whose direction a [?] ceed is at liberty to secure their services by [?] ment into which they may think proper [?]"The new settlement will, of course, be [?] ing to the laws in force in the colony."In conclusion, I beg to observe, that it [?] persons taking out settlers to form their [?] the amount of pecaniary[?] means with which [?] be provided, in order to support the [?] their directios, and ensure the success of [?]"I am, Sir, your most obedient
                      
---
Colonial IntelligenceFire at NewfoundlandWe are sorry to state that another most distressing and calamitous fire has taken place at St. John's Newfoundland. Captain Critchelly, of the alliance, arriv-[?] ed at Liverpool from Carbonear, in Newfoundland, [?] which he left on the 22d ult. states that a fire broke out in an uninhabited house in St. John's between one and two o'clock in the morning of the 18th of June and that from the inflammable nature of the house[?] and more particularly of their roofs, it spread with such rapidity, that in the short space of three hours 170 fa-[?] milies were burnt out, besides an immense quantity of produce consumed in various stores and warehouses.We learn from another account, that the fire destroyed the whole of the old part of the town. It broke out near Conder and Tracy's store, and burnt all between that and Messrs Baine, Johnson and Co.'s.Cape of Good HopeAt the present moment, under the prospect of emigration, all intelligence coming from this quarter is of peculiar interest. The letters which reached town [?] Tuesday, mention that the Caffres had commenced [?] tilities anew, and that their numbers were very considerable.Cape Town, May 5. The Caffres have broken out, and a very serious war is carried on at present on the borders. It is said that the savages are to the amount of 50,000, and a detachment of 6000 attacked Graham's Town on Saturday week, about 12 o'clock in the day, but were repulsed, and 150 left dead on the fiel. They carried off 500 wounded. Orders have been issued in every district of the colony for the young boors to inrol themselves to oppose the enemy.Cape Town, May 16. The 13th regiment, commanded by Colonel Wilshire have come up with the main body of Caffres, near Graham's Town and have defeated them with great loss. Since then they have withdrawn from the British territory. The 54th regiment arrived at [?] place a few days ago from England and have since[?] marched off for the frontiers. A large number of infantry have been mounted on horseback to [?] them to pursue more effectually the savages. They are all in excellent spirits. It is reported that our present Governor is going home, and that another has been appointed.Jamaica Papers to the 10th ultimo has reached us, which confirms the sad accounts of the miserable fate of the followers of the fugitive M'Gregor. It appears that the schooner Marsha[?] had brought accounts from San Blas[?], that M'Gregor, after his disgraceful flight from Porto Bello, proceeded[?] in the brig Hero, for St. Andreas, where he arrived on the 7th of May, and left on the 12th, having suffered considerably from the effects of his leap. He promulgated a story that he had been betrayed by some of his Officers, who had [?] Porto Bello ; but added he would soon receive reinforcements from England, when he would retake it.The Blossom arrived on Sunday from the South American station, last from Rio Janeiro, whence she sailed on the 8th of June. She landed about two millions of dollars at Rio Janeiro, from Litna[?] and brought to England about 140,000 on merchants' account. She, and the Andromache, Captain Shirreff, having [?] treasure on board, passed Lord Cochrane's squadron, in the South Seas, but his Lordship did not discover even the slightest intention of interrupting either of the ships. His Lordship's squadron appeared in excellent order ; and it is but justice to his Lordship to state, that he has not resorted to any undue or improper means to man his ships ; but on the contrary in every instance of complaint made to him by the masters of merchant shipping, of any of their crew having deserted to him, he ordered the men to be again instantly sent on board their respective ships.
                      
---
Emigration to the Cape of Good  Hope.  (From Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.)The Chancellor of the Exchequer has submitted to Parliament the expediency of voting t50,000 towards the encouragement of emigration to the Cape of Good Hope. Let it be remembered, once for all, that it is not because that colony is too thin of inhabitants, but that the mother country is too full, that this plan is suggested. The question is not how you maintain a surplus peasantry in the land that gave them birth, but, whether you will stop emigration to the frozen shores of Canada, and to the United States, or divert and encourage it to the finest colony in the world – We surely have learnt enough of North America to convince us of the degraded and miserable conditions of its people. South African, on the other hand, has every advantage to repay the sacrifice of quitting the land of our forefathers.The more fully to understand and appreciate these advantages, we shall set before our readers a short view of the conditions and facilities of the colony in question.The spring, from September to December, is the most agreedable season. The summer, from December to March, is often intensely hot. The autumn, from March to June, is generally fine and pleasant. The winter is rainy and stormy, and for the most part so cold as to make fires very comfortable during the months of July, August, and September. Most of the diseases that appear among the natives proceed rather from their gross and indolent modes of living, than the unheathliness of the climate. The scarcity of water in summer is unfavourable to cultivation ; and for want of industry or materials this defect is not remedied, as it is in India, by artificial tanks or reservoirs. Whenever, however, irrigation can be employed, either from wells or rivers, the most abundant vegetation ensues. Good and abundant water has always been found by digging wells in Cape Town and the vicinity. In the whole colony there is scarcely a river that can be called navigable. Though swollen into torrents during the winter, most of them dry up during the summer. All the rivers are well stocked with perch, eels and small turtle ; and with a certain distance from the coast they abound with the several fish peculiar to these seas.There is general want of wood in South Africa – At the distance, however, of 1.5 miles from Algoa bay there is a large forest of a many thousand acres. Some of these trees (taxus elongatus) grow to the amazing size of 10 feet in diameter, and to the height of 30 or 40 feet of trunk clear of branches. The wood is useful for many purposes, but will not bear exposure to weather. The iron-wood grows to the size of 3 feet in diameter and the trunk straight and very high – The Hassayni wood is a beautiful tree...The Constantia wine is known throughout Europe, and to what perfection the other wines of the colony are capable of being brought, may very fairly be augured for the great improvement that has already taken place in its manufacture. Heretofore, the Dutch farmer and the merchant have regarded more the quantity than the quality of their wine. And when a cargo was once shipped, it mattered little to them, whether sound or sour it reached its destination. Little care was taken in the growth of the vine ; the branches were permitted to rest upon the groun ; while decayed and unripe grapes, stalks and leaves, were all promiscuously thrown in the wine-press. The mode also of seasoning the casks with brimstone, and the want of good brandy to fit it for foreign markets, have all contributed to deteriorate the character and confine the sale of Cape Madeira. These defects have lately been in a great measure remedied. Proper persons have been sent out from Madeira and this country, and every care seems now taken to meet and secure the growing demand in European markets. The trifling duty affixed to Cape Madeira in this country, has been the means of introducing it into many families, which have hitherto used home-made wines. And though the merchants at Madeira have made many remonstrances on this preference, it surely is but equitable that encouragement should be given to the stape export of a colony, now decidely, and we must trust unalterably, English. But in addition to wines there are other articles of colonial growth, exported to the East Indies, Europe, and America. Grain, wool, bides, and skins, whale oil and bone, dried fruits, salt provisions, soap and candles, aloes, tobacco. Such are the articles of commerce that might be turned to the best account. – But neither trade nor prosperit of any kind will continue to thrive in this colony, under the present mode of administering its government and laws. It has been said, that despotism would be the best of governments were the despot virtuous. This may be ; but contituted as human nature is, we fear that the purest amongst us needs some control. Control, however, there is none over the governor at the Cape. He makes and annuls laws at pleasure. He inserts a proclamation in the Cape Gazette, and from that moment *his **fiat*  becomes the law of the land. He has indeed an adviser in the colonial secretary, whose influence does not extend beyond that of mere advice. Strange to add, the laws at the Cape are at this moment Dutch laws, rescinded and obscured by all the edicts of the different governors of the colony. All pleadings are in writing, and were, till laterly, carried on, *foribus **clausis*. In 1797 a court of appeal for criminal and civil cases was established, over both of which the governor presides. In India, in the West Indies, and in Canada, there is a governor and a council. These act as checks upon each other. But at the Cape there is no appeal beyond the governor.The taxes, however, at the Cape, under which we groan so painfully in this country, are comparatively trifling. European luxuries very justly pay a heavy import duty, but their purchase is matter of choice.– This falls not upon the poor, not consequently will it fall upon those most likely to emigrate under the provisions of the Parliamentary grant.Noting indeed can be framed with greater care and precautions, than the encouragement bedd out in Mr Vansittuart's proposal. A small deposit, L. 10. is to be made at the colonial office in Downing Street, by each individual. A free passage is to be granted, and on reaching the Cape, this deposit is to be returned to the settler by the local government. And such is the liberality that has guided the proposed plans, it is moreover stipulated, that if 100 families should agree to emigrate, and their minister with them, not only permission will be granted them so to do, but provision will be made for him. The separation from country and from kindred is thus softened, and it will allay many a sorrowing regret and painful recollection that in distant lands, and amongst a strange people, the settler may still listen to the voice and instruction of a pastor, to whom custom, veneration, and affection, have all united to attach him.It appears that the experiment of a settlement of English, has already been made upon a limited plan at Saldanha Bay (the finest harbour in South Africa) : and with such success as to give the best encouragement to a more extensive emigration. Indeed, from what we have outselves seen of the colony and its great facilities, we have no doubt whatever of the benefits that must arise to the sober, steady exertions of the industrious. At the Cape, or elsewhere, poverty and misery will attend the vicious and indolent, but certain we are, that there is no country under heaven, where the poor may find a safer asylum, and where activity, economy and good conduct, will meet with so certain and full a reward.During the stay of the 93rd regiment of foot (a Scotch regiment) at the Cape, many of the privates were known to save the whole of their pay, and were thus enabled to return to England with a very hand some little fortune. English servants of all descriptions are in great request, and 1.5 sterling a month are no uncommon wages for a tolerable cook. It is nevertheless to beremember, that clothes of all kinds are expensive at the Cape, as no manufactory is permitted, lest it should injure the trade of this country. Still farmers in the country dress very coarsely and cheaply ; and their wives and daughters, except on Sunday, are humbly clad as themselves. Indeed, in so soft a climate as the Cape, there is that occasion for multiplicity and warmth of apparel which colder regions require. For three-fourths of the year, the best bed is a hard mattress with a single coverlet.There is point which we cannot pass over ; as we think it very intimately connected with the virtue and happiness of the settlers. And that is, the education of their children. Nothing is more neglected than this in Southern Africa. The boors, (farmers) are ignorant to a degree passing credence. With the minister that is to accompany 100 families, it would be highly expedient to send a few sober intelligent men as schoolmasters. Attempts have been lately made to introduce into the colony the Madras system of instruction, and a free school upon that plan has been established at Cape Town, with considerable success. Still the natives are stubbornly averse to instruction. Their luxurious and bountiful climate supplies them with all the necessaries of human life, and beyond this they have neither wish nor ambition. But if knowledge has its fruits, ignorance has its weeds. The savage and unparalleled cruelties that have heretofore been exercised towards their slaves and the Hottentot servants by these Dutch boors may very fairly be traced to want of education, as a main cause. The unjust limits shown by the Dutch laws to the *white*  man's barbarities have doubtless encouraged their perpetration – Cruelty is not the character of Englishmen, and, therefore, too much care cannot be taken to guard the families of the new settlers against the contagion of the inhumanities that they must see practised around them, and how far an early and thorough acquaintance with our duty to God and man will counteract this influence aided a knowledge of common school attainments, we need not say. TheWe have thrown these remarks together more as loose hints for the consideration of our readers, than with any idea of furnishing a complete view of so wide and important a subject. We may be induced hereafter to review the question more in detail. The plan itself, as confessed by the Chanceller of the Exchequer, has at present assumed a very imperfect shape. Americe we have not seen, and can only speak from the reports of other. Those reports are sufficiently discouraging. On the contrary, all who have seen and described the Cape, have united in praising it. Food is cheap and abundant, the price of labour is exceedingly high, trade is important and increasing, many parts of the colony are beautiful, and its climate is mild and healthy. There are few countries upon earth where so many components of happiness will be found to concentrate.
                      
---
Emigration to the Cape of Good Hope. ( Official Circular.)The following circular has been addressed to the parties whose lists of the individuals engaged to proceed with them as settlers to the Cape of Good Hope have been approved of by the Colonial Department: –Downing Street, London, 30th Sept. 1819.Sir – I am directed by Earl Batburst to acquaint you, that he has under consideration your letter of, and that he accepts the proposal which you have mde, to take a party of able bodied settlers, with their families, to the Cape of Good Hope, where a grant of land will accordingly be assigned to you on your arrival, in conformity with the regulations laid down by his Majesty's Government.I have therefore to request, that you will immediately transmit to me three separate lists of the individuals who have placed themselves under your direction, and I inclose to you proper returns for that purpose ; at the same time, I deem it necessary to mention, that it is absolutely requisite that the details respecting the individuals of your party which you are called upon to state in your returns should be correctly specified, as any erroneous statement upon these heads, but more particularly in respect of the age of the individuals, could not fail to be productive of much inconvenience. Upon receiving there returns, I shall lose no time in stating to you the amount of the money which you will be required to deposit under the existing regulations, and the mode in which the payment is to be made.I am, Sir, your most obedient servant,(Signed) Henry Goulburn.P.S. – If there be any Officers on the half pay of the army or navy, or military of naval pensioners among the individuals proceeding under your direction, it will be necessary that you should transmit to me a (fourth) list, specifying their usual place of residence, and the designation under which they are respectively known at the War Office, and at the Admiralty, in order that I may take the necessary measures to enable them to receive their allowances in the colony.These persons should, on their part, immediately apply to the Secretary at War, and to the Secretary of the Admiralty, stating their intention to emigrate to the Cape of Good Hope, and requesting instructions for their guidance in respect to the receipt of their allowances.In making your arrangements for embarkation, it will be necessary that you should bear in mind, that you will be allowed tonnage for the conveyance of the baggage of your party, at the rate of one ton (measurement 40 cubic feet) for each single able bodied individual, and two tons for each able bodied individual who is accompanied by his family.The above circular is accompanied by a form of the required return ; the several heads of which are distinguished in separate columns, as follows:Return of settlers proceeding to the Cape of Good Hope, under the direction of – Names of the men – their age – profession or trade. Names of the women – their age. Names of the male children – their age. Names of the female children – their age. Deposit money payable by the respective settler.
                      
---
Colonial IntelligenceLetters and papers have been received from Jamaica to the 5 ult. We are sorry to observe, that the letlets from thence state that the island was very unhealthy. The deaths from the fever were[?] very[?] considerable, and were increasing. The garrison had been particularly unhealthy.The [?]th and 92d regiments have suffered severely by the [?] of the climate and are reduced to mere skeletons. We [?] [?] the [?] of several officers [?] [?] [?] to it ; causing them [?] [?] [?] [?] [?] [?] [?] several others.A serious dispute exists between the Governor of [?] [?] [?] a general [?] [?] [?] [?] [?] [?] [?] [?] [?] [?] [?] [?][?] of the [?]. His Lordship has been support-[?] ed by counter meetings of the inhabitants, who complain of the licentiousness of the press of the island.*(From the Port Royal Gazette of the 28th August) *"Private letters from Panama state, that Lord Cochran had taken Petit Callao[?], in which port a vessel was at anchor, having on board 100,000 dollars. It was further said that his Lordship has passed Guayaquil oh his way to Chili. Almost a forthnight ago, intelligence reached the Governor of Carthagena, from Santa Fe, that General Bolivar, who had been joined by one of Murillo's Generals, with a number of troops, was making rapid advances towards Santa Fe with upwards of 5000 men ; and it was expected the next courier would announce[?] the fall of that place. An Aide-deCamp of the Governor of that place arrived at Carthagena at midnight with the above information. Another account states, that the Venezuelian army, under General Bolivar in person, had obtained possession of Santa Fe, and that his advanced guard was at Honda[?] ; he had succeeded in cutting off the retreat of General Samana[?], the Captain-General of Santa Fe ; his Secretary, Ramirez, has arrived at Carthagena with the above intelligence ; it was also added that a part of Bolivar's army would soon be in Mempaz[?].There have arrived at the port of Quebec, this present season 9,513 settlers.A letter from Demerara of the 14th August says that a severe shock of an earthquake had been felt in that colony for the first time since the memory of man[?]. It occurred on the 12th. and continued for 30 second[?]."Madras, April 14. "The gratifying intelligence of the fall of Asserghur reached the Presidency yesterday. We wait with impatience for the official details."Madras, April 17. It is with since regret that we announce the death of John Duncan, Esq. third Member of the Medical Board at this Presidency, at General Lang's gardens. On Saturday last, the 10th instant. The funeral took place on Sunday evening, with the honours due to his rank ; and is remains were attended to the place of internment by a numerous assemblage of his friends at the Presidency. Mr Duncan's valuable services were for mroe than 30 years devoted to the benefit of the public, and the relief of suffering humanity[?] ; and during the whole of that period, it may be truly said, that he always evinced a firm, humane[?], and honourable disposition, the remembrance of which must render his memory universally respected."Calcutta, March 24. "A Treaty has been concluded by the Hon. Sir Stamford Raffles[?], on the part of the Most Noble the Governor-General, with the Sultan of Jahore and Tomangong of Sincapore, establishing a British Residency at the latter place, under Major Furqubar, with a settlement on the ruins of the ancient captial of that country, over which, we may congratulate our readers, that the British flag is now flying ; Sir S. Raffles having returned from this expedition to Penang[?] on the 4th of last month. The grant of this island, which is situated at the southern extremity of the Peninsula of Malacca[?] must become valuable to the British Government, especially when accompanied, as we understand that it is, with the privilege of establishing further settlements along the extensive coast of Jahore, which must afford considerable protection to our commerce in that quarter, particularly to ships passing through the Straits, and enable us to watch the proceedings of our Bataxian competitors.*Cape Town Gazettes*  to the 1st of August have come to our hands. At the present moment, when plans for colonising the territory adjoining the Cape of Good Hope, occupy so much attention, we turn to these papers with peculiar anxiety. They, however, contain little notice of public events at the Cape ; and nothing whatever is said of the incursions of the Caffres. We collect incidentally, that the scarcity which lately prevailed at the Cape has entirely ceased ; ample supplies of wheat and flour having lately been imported or brought to market.Maritime IntelligenceFriday, a Court Martial was assembled on board the Queen Charlotte, in Portsmouth harbour, and continued by adjournment during Saturday, to inquire into the circumstances of the supposed concealment of two deserters from the band of the 18th regiment of foot on board his Majesty's ships Phaeton[?], Captain W. H. Dillon, in the month of October last, when that ship was about to proceed to the East Indies; and to try Lieutenant John Geary, the first Lieutenant of the said ship, for his conduct upon that occasion. The Court[?] was crowded with officers, &c. from the shore each day. The prosecution was closed on Saturday afternnoon, and the Court adjourned till ten o'clock on Monday, when Lieutenant Geary made his defence. The Court having considered the whole of the evidence, were of opinion that the charge was proved, and sentenced him to be dismissed his Majesty's ship Phaeton, and severely reprimanded.Letters from Port Jackson, New South Wales, dated March 30th, were receivedon Sunday. The ships Surrey and Lord Sidmouth, with convicts from England, arrived on the 4th and 11th March. A schooner of 80 tons burden, intended for the Chief of the Society Islands, was to be launched on the 7th of April. The Shipley, with dispatches and troops on board, was to sail on the first, and may, therefore, be expected daily in this country.
                      
---
Colonial IntelligenceSpanish Town, Jamaica –August 31.The mail will convey to you sufficiently afflicting news of the voyages which the fever is committing amongst us. Part of the 92nd and 50th have made their escape on board the Serapis 64, which has been roofed to, and most handsomely and humanely given up by the Admiral for the use of the troops. The loss in men stands about thus: 59th[?], 200[?] ; 92d, 120. The 58th and 81st are scattered[?] ; but from all I can learn, their loss is not great. The following is a list of the officers and their relatives who have fallen victims in the course of this month : –Lieut.-Colonel Sparrow, Deputy Adjt.-General. Lieut.-Colonel [?], 52d regiment. Lieut.-Colonel Hill th[?] regiment. Major Rowe, 50th regiment, son-in-law of Paymaster Montgomery, of the 50th. Mrs Rowe, wife of Major Rowe, whom she survived but a few hours, and daughter of Paymaster Montgomery. Major Montgomery, 50th, son of Paymaster Montgomery. Mrs Montgomery, wife of ditto. Assistant Surgeon Brown, 50th, son in-law of do. Lieut. Richardson, 50th. Lieut. North[?], 50th. Lieut. and Adjutant Lyon, 50th. Two Misses Lyon, daughter of Adjutant Lyon. Lieuts. R. M'Donald and George Mackie, 92d. Ensign [?] [?]th Doctor [?], Medical Staff. Captain and Paymaster Turner, 58th. The Misses Baxter, daughters of Quarter-Master Baxter[?].The scenes that have occurred during this awful mortality have been most distressing. It has not been confined to the military, for the inhabitants have even out numbered them.*The Quebec Mercury*  of the [?] gives long extracts from the American papers, respecting the [?] of a large tract of country by the [?] Indians, to the British Government, 2,748,000 acres, stretching from the upper part of the midland[?] district towards the lower part of the province, in the rear of the old settlements on the Ottawa, and not in any manner coming into contact with or approach within many miles of the boundary of Louisiana. Yet, upon the supposition that Great Britain is thus extending her Canadian territory, the American Papers are loud in their invectives against this country.Letters have been received from Mogadoru[?], dated the 28th September, which mention, that the plague which had been for some time in the vicinity, had at length broken out in that town. We are happy to add however, that the deaths at that period were only three or four each day, and it was then confined to the Moors ; none of the Christians or Jews having fallen victims to the pestilence. The weather being extremely cold, great hopes were entertained that the further progress of the disease would speedily be put a stop to when trade, which then at a stand, would renew its wanted[?] activity. The whole population of Mogadoru is between 10 and 12,000 persons ; by far the greater part of whom consider it contrary to their religious tenets to use any caution to prevent their taking the infection ; and, in the event of their having it would not, for the same reason, have recourse to any means to counteract it.
                      
---
Emigration to America[ From the Observer. ]The following letter from a lady who emigrated to America, from within four miles of Godalming, in Surrey, two years back, has been handed to us for insertion. During the present rage for emigration, we think we are justified in giving it insertion, leaving it to those who are interested in its contents to draw their own con clusions. We have reason to conclude that the letter is genuine, and is not, we believe, as many have been which have found their way into the public press, the produce of ingenuity on this side the Atlantic: –Philadelphia, July 29. 1818"My dear Sir – I have received your welcome letter, together with the patterns you were kind enough to forward Although our habits here are in many respects different from those on your side of the Atlantic, yet, I assure, there is a considerable degree of anxiety among our American belles for English fasions ; and the display which your prompt attention to my request has enabled me to make, has procured me not alone a great influx of visitors, but of business. You ask me to give you my candid opinion of the policy of removing hither with your wife and family. I can have no hesitation in complying with this request ; but, at the same time, I shrink from the responsibility of your being persuade, from any things which I may say, to follow my example. It is impossible to disguise from myself, and I would not attempt to disguise it from you, that many who have come here, anticipating prosperity and independence, have failed ; but, at the same time, as far as my humble observation has enabled me to judge, I am persuaded that many of those failures have been the result of unpardonable imprudence, and the absence of that activity and spirit of perseverance, by which persons depending on their own exertions can alone expect to succeed. I have seen many individuals here reduced to very melancholy straits from having left their native shores thoughtlessly, without more money than was sufficient to support them for a fortnight. –. This has been dissipated, on their landing, almost before they had recovered the effects of a long and fatiguing voyage ; and being thus reduced to extremity, their spirits have failed, and they have at once sunk into a state of apathy and listless despair. Those who have labouring and mechanic trades to follow, and will sumbit to degradation, as some of them call it, of becoming journeymen, do tolerably well."With regards to myself, I need not recall to your mind the species of drudgery to which I was forced to submit, in order to support a decent appearance in London. You often joked me on my enterprising disposition, and doubted my resolution to come to this country in search of that independence which I foresaw I could never obtain at home. Here I am, however, and an hour since I had the pleasure of paying 30 work women, the lowest of whose weekly wages, I those who take their work home, is five dollars! You will start at this and so will Mrs B. It is, however, no less true than extraordinary. In short I have every reason to be grateful to Providence for having given me the confidence to sufficient to try an experiment which has turned out so fortunately. I have commenced both millinery and dress-making, to which I have added the childbed and ready made linen business ; and in every one of branches I am full of orders. My most sanguine hopes have been realized. My capital at the beginning was exactly 1.60 Sterling and a few of those articles of stock which were necessary to make a show. These, combined with the attractive titled of " Miss P–, from London,'&c. in a few weeks set me afloat in a surprising manner. I did my utmost to please my customers, and, in a few months, moved from a situation of obscurity to one of the first respectability. I am thus particular because I know you feel an interest in my fate. My brother James, who you know is a bricklayer and builder, has been equally fortunate.– He has had several contracts, and is now building a row of twenty houses, besides other jobs of a smaller description."Of the other fiften persons who accompanied us from Godalmbing and its neighbourhood I am proud to say they have all been tolerably successful. The greater part of them, you know, were farmers, and they are now settled in farms of from fifty to five hundred acres, from one hundred to one thousand miles from this place. All these, hoever, came out with small capitals–but none with less than myself–and husbanding their resources, and abstaining from extravagance of every description, they finally successed in laying the foundation of their own future happiness.We all have our own prejudices in favour of our old habits ; but this must wear off in the course of time?other there is a roughness and absence of what we call "good manners" about some of the Americans, not at all congenial to English taste. They are for the most part, however, hospitable ; and if you let them have their way, and do not thwart their humours, are really very kind, and disposed to friendly intercourse. You talk to carrying your family to the Western states–to the Illinois country, and of commencing farmer and storekeeping there. It is probably that your views may be very correct, but I think you may settle nearer to us, if not at so cheap a rate, at best with a greater certainty of present comfort. Of the Western States, I, of course, can know nothing but by report. The emigration in that direction has been immense, but the journey to some has been so long, as frequently to produce repentance before the destined goal was reached. We have had several English, Scotch, and Irish families here, on the way to Pittsburgh, who, I understand, were bound for Mr Birkbeck's settlement ; but I have not heard of their arrival. The greater part have gone down the Ohio in arks, which you say you have seen described in Birkbeck's books. No doubt these people must have to encounter great privations, and perhaps some danger ; time and perseverance, however,will overcome all difficulties, and from the natural course of things, in the end the great object in view, plenty and independence, must be attained ; and this as you very justly say, is "worth a struggle." Upon the whole, if you can be content to give up all those luxuries of which an English fireside is the scene ; to abandon the habits of social intercourse to which an English neighbourhood give encouragement ; and to derive happiness from the consciousness of seeing yourself surrounded by an abundance of the necessaries of life alone ; you cannot fail of success. I agree with you, that a vast deal of the pleasure of England are counterbalanced by the castant visitation of the tax-gathered. From these, at least you will be free here ; and as for society, your own family, large as it is, must be a treasure in itself ; added to which, in proportion as wealth increases, civilisation must follow. If you could get three or four families with whom you are acquainted, to join in your plans and settle in your neighbourhood, an additional assuance of success and happiness would be attained."As to capital, I think you ought to hav, on your landing here, L. 500, which, with moderate exertions and common good fortune, must afford yo uthe means of certain prosperity. I shall, however, write again in September on this subject, when I intend sending for my sister, and perhaps the information I may be able to collect in the interim will confirm your plans, and induce you to accompany her to this side of the water. I rather think we shall shortly have another cargo from Surrey ; I will let you know every particular in my next, as well as send you a list of the things, which it will be policy for you to bring with you. Your seven children, instead of being a burden to you here, will form one of the most prominent sources of your wealth."
                      
---
