Colonial IntelligenceWe have received letters and papers, from the Cape of Good Hope, to the 22d October, and they are satisfactory in all points of view, but especially with reference to the new settlement at Algoa Bay. His Excellency, the Governor, Sir R. S. Donkin, was taking some effectual measures to place the coinage of the colony upon a better footing, and on the 13th of October he issued a Proclamation for destroying a very large quantity of base money. He has also taken measure to communicate to the new settlers from England the full benefit ofthe Courts of Justice esblished in that quarter of the world.We have received an account of the loss of the Abeona[?] transport, bound to the Cape of Good Hope, with settlers. The following is an extract of a letter from the Agent to Lloyd's, dated Lisbon, 20th Dec. "The Condessa da Ponte, which arrived on the 20th inst. from Marenham[?], has brought 49 persons, who escaped from the Abeona transport, bound to the Cape of Good Hope, which took fire and was burnt on the 25th ult. in lat. 5 N. long–and 113 lives were lost. The Agent, Lieut. Madge, the Captain, Surgeon, 21 men, 16 boys, 4 women, and 5 girls, got into three boats, and fortunately fell in with the Condessa da Ponte, the morning after the fatal event."Demerara Gazettes to a late date have been received, which give detailed accounts of the number and state of the slaves in that part of the West Indies. The report is given by James Robertson, Esq. the new Slave Registrat of the United Colony. It is a triennial statement of the slave population, and the Reporter makes some judicious comparative remarks. It appears that there has been a large decrease of the number by deaths, but the Creoles are greatly increased as compared with the former year. Births have been in the proportion of one to forty-six. The Report defends the [?] of the West India Planters, and observes that the state of the Black population serves[?] to evil for little or no [?] ; so great is the kindness, the liberality, and induglent care of propiertors. It adds, that their own interests is a perpetual[?] evil[?] upon their humanity. In the colony there [?] [?] [?] [?] [?] [?] [?] [?] [?] slaves on the island, [?] Africans[?] and Creoles and there are 38,910 female slaves of the same donomination, making a total of 76,929. The slave population in 1817, amounted in the whole to 77,867.– The number of births which have occurred since that period is 5,317, and deaths 7,140. The Report concludes with some gratifying observations upon the flourishing state of the colony.
                      
---
Emigration.–OfficialEnquiries and applications having been addressed to the Colonial Department respecting emigration to His Majesty's foreign possessions, it has been deemed convenient, with a view to the information and guidance of individuals interest in this subject, to state, that, 1 *stly*, Persons are not provided with passages, at the public expense to any of his Majesty's settlements. 2 *dly*, Persons proceeding at their own expense to North America, and to the Cape of Good Hope, and desirous of settling there, require no previous authority from his Majesty's Secretary of State to enable them to obtain grants of land, the Governor of those settlements being fully empowered to assign lands to applicants, proportioned to the means which they actually possess for bringing them into a state of cultivation. The extent of these grants must depend upon their quality, position, and other circumstances, which can only be ascertained in the Colony. 3 *dly*, Persons desirous of settling in New South Wales or Van Diemen's Land must be provided with the sanction of his Majesty's Secretary of State ; and this can only be obtained upon written application, accompanied by references to two or more respectable persons, as to the character of the applicant, and the extent of his capital, which must amount to Five Hundred Pounds, at the least.Colonial Department, London. *January*, 1822.
                      
---
Colonial Intelligence*Success of the Cutch Expedition against the Sindeans *–The following extract of a letter from Bombay bringing this intelligence, we copy from Carrick's Post, which appears to have exclusive means of obtaining information on India affairs:–"Bombay, Sept. 12, 1820. "While I was seeing the last of your goods on board, last night, a vessel arrived in the harbour having on board an officer from Cutch, who was the hearer of the official intelligence of the complete success of Sir Charles Culville's expedition against the Sindeans. The expedition consisted of 12,000 men, commanded by his Excellency the Commander in Chief ; from all I could clean of intellience from the followers, it appeared there had been some hard fighting for five days ; but it ended, as might be anticipated, from the imposing force sent against the Sindeans. The moment the officer (who is one of the Staff, and an Irishman) landed, he set out for the Government House, to inform Lady Colville of the event, as it must be supposed she was in a state og anxiety, her husband being the commander, and her brother, and her uncle, Colonel T. Blair, being also on the expedition. At day-light this morning orders arrived from the Government House, to secure a passage and private cabin for the officer in th ship which takes this to England, but there was no such accomodation, as the cabins were all full ; and as another vessel will not sail from thence about ten days, this and will be off to-day, the chance is, you will have this letter at least six weeks before the officers can reach England with the official intelligence. All kinds of European produce are a drug hee, paricularly fine goods ; and rum, brandy, and geneva, are for a song. The cholera has rather abated, but still rages in a frightful manner."The Rio Janeiro packet arrived on Tuesday with letters to the 21st of November. Advices had been received from Rio Grande, stating that Artigas had been taken prisoner. The Portuguese frigate, Union, had captured two insurgent privateers which had been committing depredations on the coast. The events in Portugal, owing to which, as well as to the idea that the King would be prudent enough to sanction what had taken place in Portugal, the prices of produce had experienced very trifling alteration, though, if the contrary should be the case, a considerable rise was anticipated. The following relates to what is passing in Peru :–Extract of a letter from Rio Janeiro, dated November 20 :–" The Chilians have at length carried into effect their boasted expedition, which left Valparaiso on the 21st August, and arrived at Pisco at the beginning of September. San Martin landed 4,500 men, but the blacks, cattle, &c. had all been previously sent away from the estates in that quarter, so that they will be disappointed in meeting with partisans ; indeed the slaves and lower orders, whom they expected to find favourable to their views, are the most irritated against the insurgents. We have letters from Lima to the 12th September, which speaks of the little apprehensions entertained of San Martin and his troops, the Viceroy having a formidable force, in the capital and vicinity, of 8,000 men, commanded by good officers. The Viceroy, is Commander-in-Chief, La Serna, second, and La Mar and O'Reilly command divisions. They were observin San Martin's movements who already experienced the difficulties of subsisting his men. The Marquis of Vallembrozo was on his flank, with a strong detachment of cavalry, with a view to prevent him from sending emissaries into the interior, and collecting horses. It is thought the insurgents will soon have to re-embark ; for, as soon as they are a little pressed for provisions, and fighting comes on, numbers will desert. Those who have already come over describe their situation as very critical. Two vessels, one an English, and the other a French, were preparing to sail from Callao for this place, and by them we shall receive further particulars. The most enthusiastic preparations were making in Lima to proclaim the constitution in a formal manner, for which purpose orders had been received from Madrid. This of itself is sufficient to defeat all views Cochrane and San Martin may have on the country, except, as before, a little plunder on the open and defenceless parts of the coast.Letters from Sierra Leone, dated the 24th of Nov. mention that the whole squadron was lying there.– The Pheasant, Myrmidon, Snapper, and Thistle, were lying off the Cape, waiting for the Morgiana to complete her water, provisions, &c. which ship was obliged to be assisted by the squadron, in consequence of her very sickly state. She had recently arrived from the River Gambia, whither she had proceeded in dread of attack by the natives on our infant colony there. A letter of thanks had been voted to Captain Finlason, by the merchants of that colony, for the very able manner in which he brought to an amicable conclusion the differences between the Native Chiefs and the British interests in the Gambia. The Morgania brought from the Gambia, Dr Dochard and forty-six men belonging to the mission under Major Gray, for exploring Africa. Dr D. had been at Sago ; but, in consequence of internal wars, he was unable to proceed further. Major Gray was there with very few men ; he will not proceed further for some time.
                      
---
Colonial IntelligenceSierra Leone Gazettes to the 16th of December have been received. It is satisafactory to learn that some more effectual measures, than any before adopted by the French Government, to prevent slave trading are now in a course of execution. The French brig of war, Le Huron, of 22 guns, Commodore Du Pressit, is employed in cruizing for that purpose.Earthquake at Zante, Jan. 8.–The last week has been a scene of horror and destruction at Zante.– At four o'clock, on the morning of the 29th of Dec. we had a violent shock of an earthquake, which lasted nearly half a minute ; this was followed by eight other shocks, between four and six o'clock, which threw down one thousand three hundred houses. Providentially, the first shock did not throw down many, so that the inhabitants had time to escape before succeeding shocks, otherwise theloss would have been dreadful. Only ten lives have been lost, but not a house in the town has escaped without some injury. The town is still in a complete state of confusion ; one thousand give hundred houses more, being so much injured as to be marked in order to be pulled down ; all the steeples in the place must be taken down. The streets are almost impassable from the fallen houses ; and great caution is required, in walking, to avoid the ruins that are still falling.
                      
---
Emigration to CanadaThe following is an extract of a letter from a tradesman belonging to Glasgow, who has been six years in Upper Canada, to a friend in this city :–" *York, Upper Canada, 14th November*, 1820. "You wish to be informed of the encouragement that you might meet with by an emigration to this country; and as you have determined to place the most implicit confidence in what I may advance. I shall therefore state to you the "truth, and nothing but tl[?] truth, so help me *God*."– In the first place, you wish to know what might be the value of a hundred acres of land, with six or eight acres of improvement. This is a question that I cannot give a decided answer to, as it depends entirely on the situation where you wish to purchase; but I may with safety average wild land, in this Upper Province, say at 4 to 6 dollars per acre, and the clearing or improving of each acre will cost you from 16 to 20dollars.–In the next place, you wish to know the price of cattle. They have never been known to be cheaper than at the present time. A cow can be purchased at 20 dollars, a pair of working oxen at 40 dollars; a good cart horse at 50 dollars,; sheep, 2 dollars apiece. In regard to farming utensils, there are but few used in this country at any time, and a new settler may be some years in the woods before we want any more than an axe, (3 dollars) a plough, (10 dollars) and a harrow, (5 dollars.)–You wish to know the nature of a Government grant; that has now become no object, as the charges made by Government exceed in many cases what you can purchase land for; and by buying land you have the advantage of choosing a situation agreeable to your mind; but the reverse is the case when you accept of a grant from Government, for you must then take your chance by drawing by lottery; and as the land is already taken up for forty miles round this place, you will then be obliged to go back into the woods, and out of the world. You are at liberty to sell it as soon as you receive the grant; formerly you could.–You wish to know what sum you could establish yourself for in this country as a farmer. There is one thing obvious–the more you bring the less miseries and difficulties you will have to undergo. But as a true friend, I would advise you not to think of leaving home with a sum less than t200 sterling with a sum less than this you undoubtedly subject yourself to hardships and troubles that you have no idea of. Though many have settled here for nothing, their fate has been such that it is beyond my pend to describe; and my greatest enemy I should not advise to come to this country, with the intention of farming, with less capital than I have no stated to you. Many may flatter you, and stuff your head with golden dreams about this country; but you must allow the experience that I have had to outweigh the statements of many that you may have had an opportunity of talking with, who may pretend to have some knowledge of this country, for there are but few settlements between Montreal and the falls of Niagara (a distance of nearly 600 miles,) that I have not visited.–As to the necessaries wanted for a family who may think of coming to this country, I should entirely confine myself to wearing apparel, as clothes are the highest article in this country; and should you think of farming, I would advise you to bring but few fine clothes, but principally coarse and stout. Heavy luggage of any kind becomes very expensive and cumbersome bringing you up the river so far as this, and is often liable to be damaged, in consequence of the repeated re-shipping. The rate of charge of the transportation of good from Montreal to Kingston (200 miles) is 2 dollars per cwt.; and from Kingston to York (200 miles) they charge 1 dollar for each barrel bulk; and from Montreal to York you may get a passage for 10 dollars for each grown person.–By the by, you wish to know the population of this town: it is indeed small in comparison to some of your towns; but I might say that the inhabitants of York might amount to 3000 people. But there is no place that I have visited in my travels that is more thriving than this town; and as a proof, I can safely say that it is now twice the size that it was when I came here, (now three years), and still continuing to increase greatly in buildings; but all wood.–You wish to know the different branches of business carried on here. They are principally house carpenters; and various other mechanics are also employed here.–You wish to know if any of the emigrants have arrived in this place. There are but very few I understand come thus far, the greater part of them having stopped at a settlement called Perth, about miles below Kingston. –Since I have now given answers to all your different queries, let me now give my candid opinion respecting this country. In the first instance, a farmer may live by hard labour; that is, he may acquire a livelihood; but cash[?] is a complete hidden treasure, and is as forbidden fruit to the farmer of this country; and in some places you may live for years and not even behold, a silver dollar through a glass darkly, as all is done by barter in the country. The next evil is the mixture of society; a very few good, intermixed with a multitude of a very different character; but in many places you will be divested of all society, either of a good or bad quality; in either of which situations I am afraid you will find yourself uncomfortable, in consequence of its being so much different to what you have been accustomed to; and the opportunity of spending the sabbath in a religious worship you will also find wanting. And above all evils the fever and ague, that none escape, is the ruin of many a family in this country. But should you think of coming to this country, in order to avoid this disease I would advise you to come no farther up the country than Perth settlement, where this loathsome sickness is seldom known. Now, my friend, by what I have stated here I neither mean to advise or dissuade you from coming to this country; but take it into serious consideration before you embark upon this important."
                      
---
CanadaProvincial Parliament of Lower Canada Quebec Legislative Council–March 17.This day his Excellency the Governor in Chief made the following[?] speech to both Houses:–"Gentlemen of the Legislative Council and Gentlemen of the House of Assembly,"When the Parliament met for the dispatch of public business[?], I did entertain a hope that the experience of the [?] few years would have led you to a mature and serious consideration[?] of the consequences that would inevitably follow[?], if the then state of things should not be remedied ; I[?] cannot therefore be surprised that I should now express[?] not only my disappointment, but great concern that [?] same question of constitutional principle should have [?]ia disturbed the unanimity of your legislative proceedings[?]."Upon this occasion I think it a duty which I owe to [?] and to your country to call upon you to consider, during[?] this summer, the result of the discussions of the sessesion[?] in all its bearings."You will see the administration of the civil government[?] left without any pecuniary means but what I shall advance[?] upon my own personal responsibility ; you will [?] individuals suffering under severe and unmerited hardships[?], caused by the wast of that constitutional authority that[?] is necessary for the payment of the expences of the civil[?] government. You will see the interior improvements[?] of the country nearly at a stand ; you will see, in [?]ort, the executive government in a manner palsied and powerless[?]."When I shall again summon you to meet here in Parliament[?], you will come to decide the important question, whether[?] the Government shall be restored to its constitutional[?[ energy, or whether you are to deplore the prospect [?] lasting misfortune, by a continuance in the present state [?] things. Important as that question is, there can be no difficulty[?[ in the decision. When the blessingsof the British[?] constitution were granted to this province, you re[?]ved with it the recorded experience of centuries of [?]ctise. There is no question of doubt or of difficulty [?]that may not find its precedent in the records of the Im[?]Imperial Parliament ; and I cannot thik that any wiser [?]guide need by desired."After which, the Honourable Speaker of the Legislative [?]council said, that it was the pleasure of his Excellency the [?]Governor in Chief that the Provincial Parliament should [?] prorogued until Thursday, the 26th of April next.
                      
---
We have received letters this morning from New South Wales, which announce that the *Skelton*  from Leith arrived at Hobart Town, Van Dieman's Land, on the 27th of Nov. last, with her numerous settlers, all well, and in good spirits.
                      
---
Colonial IntelligenceWe have received Canada Papers to the 10th May. The active exertions of the Governor to improve the inland navigation had given very general satisfaction. In the course of the Session of the Colonial Parliament, which was prorogued on the 14th April, no less than three Addresses were presented to Earl Dalhousie, to be forwarded to the King ; one respecting the allowance of half-pay to the Militia ; another respecting the duties imposed in British ports on lumber from Canada ; and third related to the losses sustained by the people of Canada, during the late war. His excellency the Governor had intimated, that no objection would be made to the repeal of the grant of 2,500l on account of the Civil List for the Colony, provided the salaray of the Chief retired Justice, the ReceiverGeneral, and that of the Speaker of the House of Assembly, should be continued, in the whole amounting to 1,800l. The grant has for some time been a prominent subject of complaint in the Colonial Parliament.The 37th Regiment for three years stationed in Lower Canada is about to leave the Colony for England. The Staff Corps was to proceed to the Ottawa, to carry into effect the intended plan for removing the obstructions in that river.An article from Montreal, dated May 5, states, that a messenger was leaving that place to announce the union of the North and Hudson's Bay Companies, at their respective establishments. The former of these companies was under control of Lord Selkirk, and the schism that has so long reigned between them, with its fatal consequences, is well know to the Public.By Letters from Bombay we learn that 20 ships have been taken up by the vigilant Governor, on board of which 5000 troops are embarked, destined to the Persian Gulph, to repair the disaster suffered by the surprise of the detachment left by Sir Wm. Kier, under the direction of a young man. The gallant Gen. Lionel Smith has been selected for this important service ; and we have no doubt but that he will convince the Arabs of the impolicy of their treacherous proceedings, and justify the high confidence which the Government of Bombay have in his talents and valour.– His Excellency Mr. Elphinstone, completely recovered, is gone on a tour to Kutch, to settle all disputes, and to ascertain the true situation of the country.– How important it is for the Heads of the Presidencies, thus to judge from actual observation, instead of trusting to mere reports. This proves the benefits of appointing men of experience and energy in the conduct of our Indian Empire–which is now, throuh the admirable conduct of the Governor General, and the two other Presidencies, in a state of unexampled, tranquility and prosperity.
                      
---
Van Dieman's LandWe have been favoured with the following extract of a letter from Captain Dixon, of the ship Skelton, dated Hobert Town, Van Dieman's Land, 29th November 1820 :–"We arrived here on the 27th inst. all in good health.– This colony surpasses my expectation–climate very similar to England, soil capable of any thing, where an industrious manhas every thing to hope and nothing to fear ; the assistance given to settlers liberal, and grants of land to the amount of from 400 to 2000 acres given them, generally of excellent quality. This colony in fact is the only country that an Englishman should come to, he neither changes climate not habits, for here every thing hat occurs to him is the same, except burning wood for coals. The country on the sea coast is very woody, but much easier cleared than America and about ten miles in the interior several miles of extent have no wood at all. The ships behaves beautifully, sails well, and is easy ; we have never close reefed and not above twice double reefed, and not strained a rope yarn nor split a sail."Extract of a letter received by My Leyden, R. N. Leith, from his Son, Mate of the ship Skelton, dated Sullivan's Cove, off Hobart Town, 29th November 1820 :–"I take this opportunity of sending you a few lines by the ship Guildford, which is to sail tomorrow for Baravia, and then homewards. We left the Table Bay on 18th October, and arrived here on 28th November, making a very good passage. Did not see any vessel on the passage–made the island of Amsterdam and St Paul's on 28 November–went ashore on the island of Amsterdam for two or three hours, found it to be barren entirely–only inhabited by give or six people from the Isle of France, for the purpose of sealing. When we came near the land, fell in with various winds and calms–made the river on Sunday about twelve o'clock, and brought up off Hobart, at three P M on Monday. The country has a very fine prospect, a great deal of wood, but interspersed with fields all in green, for it is the spring here now–the pease are in full bloom. This town is very irregularly built, just like a Norwegian village–a deal of wooden houses–the appearance of the country pleases the eye greatly of the passengers, and the visit they had from the Deputy Governor was very favourable. Governor M'Quarrie is to be here from Sidney in the course of a fortnight or three weeks to survey the Government works. The passengers are in great suspense whether they will forward themselves to Sydney, or wait until he comes. Butter sells at 4s, a lb ; coarse ship biscuits 35s. a cwt ; a pair of ashets, middle size, 21s. and every thing in like proportion. Salted pork would have sold very well–could clear L130 a cwt. Beef is about 6d. a lb. If you buy any here, and pay in produce, you pay more than in hard cash. There are few bush rangers now, they were mostly all shot in the woods. No encouragement here for pickpockets. Some of the richest and most powerful men here have once been sent out as convicts, but, from their good behaviour, got their emancipation. The Midship Leith, upon the pier, is here ; he is master of a colonial brig trading between Sydney and here. Our passengers tell me they can chuse what land they like ; but not the quality ; they must apply the saw and the hatchet a great deal. A hatchet costs 7s. 6d. a lb. Very few people have female servants, as they can't trust them ; as those who come out are convicts, and get soon married, so they have all men servants."
                      
---
American Papers.New York, May 8. The sloop Hero, Capt. Palmer, arrived at Stonington, last Tuesday, in seventy-three days from New South Iceland, with a cargo of oil. ON the 28th of March, in lat. 21. S. long. 35. W. spokethe Brig Wilner, of London, from Buenos Ayres, bound to Falmouth, England ; the Captain of which informed Capt. P. that the Chilian army, near Peru, had fought two battles with the Royal army, in both of which the Chilian army was victorious ; and it was supposed would cause the surrender of Peru soon to the Chilians.May 15. The gigantic projects that occupy the attention of our countrymen are truly surprising. A plan is now forming, for example, to establish a settlement at the mouth of the river Columbia, for the purpose of importing teas direct from the East Indies. It is then proposed to transport this article of merchandize up the Columbia, until it reaches the rocky mountains, and then to proceed by land to the navigable branch of the Missouri. This embraces a space of three hundred and forty miles in extent. Of this distance 200 miles are represented by travellers as constituting an excellent road ; the remaining one hundred and forty comprehend the mountain barrier, which must be passed by the intrepidity and labour of man. The merchandize will then, by the aid of the Missouri and its subsidiary streams, supply the whole western continent with the refreshing beverage. This shows the varied changes of commerse ; the Atlantic States have heretofore been the medium of supplying our western States with the productions of China ; but if this plan should be carried into effect, we may receive our supply from that country through the western States.May 16. It is worthy of remark, that among the numerous arrivals at this port yesterday, were three British brigs from Dundee. This makes good the remark of a late Scotch gazette, that Dundee was becoming a place of considerable trade.
                      
---
Colonial IntelligenceAfrica. –Extract of a Letter from Capt. Colliver, a Gentlemen belonging to the county of Cornwall, and who is an Officer in the service of the African Comapny:–Cape Coast Castle, April 21, 1821. By the time you have received this, it is probable the African Company will have ceased to exist ; we have received orders to hold ourselves in readiness to deliver up the Forsts and Settlements here to Government. It is understood they are to be put on the same footing as Sierra Leone. A list has been furnished to Government by the Company's Committee, of their Officers, their age, length of service, the situations they fill ; their emoluments[?], &c. We have been blockaded here, since the 10th of February, by the Ashantees[?] (an African tribe), who have commenced hostilities against us. On the day before mentioned, our Governor received intelligence that a black man belonging to Cape Coast, where the people are under our protection, had been cruelly murdered by a Chief of the Fantes[?], at a place about six miles from Cape Coast, called Moree[?]. I was immediately ordered to assemble all the soldiers I could, in five minutes, and proceed to Moree to seize the murderer. I quickly set off with four officers and 85 soliders. A little before we entered the town of Moree, where the savages, between 2 and 3,000 in number, were assembled, we saw the mangled remains of their unforunate victim. The town stands near the top of a hill, on the summit of which is an old Dutch Fort. As soon as we entered the town, a fire was opened upon us ; but as my orders were to seize the murderer, if possible, without bloodshed, I did not for some time allow the men to return the fire. However, perceiving they were resolved to oppose us, I gave directions to my little party to give them a volley and then to charge. The negroes retired as we advanced, and in less than an hour we gained the hill, from which our opponents fled in every firection. We demanded the keys of the fort from the principal man belonging to Moree ; who not being engaged in the affair had remained, and who immediately gave them up. In the fort, which has a draw-bridge, we were perfectly secure from the attack of the negroes. The body we defeated were Fantees, who were assembled to assist the Ashantees in enforcing some very unjust demands made by them on the people of Cape Coast. As soon as the Ashantees, who reside near Cape Coast, learned that the Governor had sent an armed force against their friends, their drum beat to arms, and they hastened after us ; fortunately we had defeated our opponents before they arrived. However, they rallied the Fantees, and took a position about half a mile from the town, with a determination to oppose our little party. The Governor, apprised of our situation, assembled all the forces he could muster, and speedily about 500 of the Cape Coast people, headed by our officers, and carrying the British flag, were seen approaching. The enemy immediatel retired, and we were relieved from our disagreeable situation, after having been from nine in the morning till four in the afternoon exposed to a burning sun, without refreshment. The negroes had 47 killed, and upwards of 100 wounded in this affair ; we had one soldier killed, and four wounded. Since the affair, we have not seen one of the Ashantees or the Fantees here ; and a total stoppage of trade has taken place. We have not learned how the King of Ashantee intends to act, nor is it safe to venture out of our limits, except in large parties.New South Shetland –The Lord Melville, J. Clark, master has arrived in the London Docks from the New South Shetland fishery, which he left on the 31st of March, having on board the following persons, belogning to the crews of the undermentioned vessels, which had been wrecked, and whom he landed at Buenos Ayres, on the 21st of April, viz.From the Hannah, Captain Johnson–J. Knowles (cooper), R. Thompson (joiner), J. Colditch, W. Jones, T. Lewis, H. Pearman, J. Boyd, A. Pringle, R. Richards, and W. Martin.From the Minerva, Captain Burn–J. Stephens, R. Pearson, J. Collilice, W. Wisslock, W. Pile, and J. Wallar.From the Lady Troubridge, Captain Sherrard–J. Forsham (first mate), D. Humphreys (seaman), J. Wolin, G. Martin, G. Inglefield, M. Swallow, T. Williams, J. Parsonage, W. Rome, W. Dead, J. Williams and J. Williams.Captain Clark, also carried to Buenos Ayres the crew of the American schooner Venus, Capt. Nappue. He sailed from the River Plate on the 28th of April, and reached the Downs on the 31st ult. Capt. Clark left a small colony at Easter Harbour, consisting of the following individuals:–R. Gibbs, of London first officer of the Lord Melville ; G. Robertson, of Hamburgh, second officer of the Minerva, a vessel reported lost, but since arrived in the Brazils ; J. Jornan, of Leith, boatswain of the Lord Melville ; P. Howson, of Carron, carpenter ; J. Lockey, of Essex ; J. Semple, of Dundee ; J. Ash, of Liverpool ; J. Wares, a Portuguese ; William South of Aberden ; J. Roberts, of Liverpool ; and J. Havers, of Harwich, seamen.–They were left in good health and spirits, with a stock of twelve months provisions, and all the materials necessary for erecting three or four houses.
                      
---
Colonial IntelligenceAlarming Fires in the Woods of Main and New Brunswick.–A gentleman, who arrived here on Thursday, in the schooner Active, from Eastport, informs, that the drought in the neighbourhood of St. Croix river, the present season, has been unusually severe, and that the fires in the woods have raged to a more alarming extent than ever before known. Several buildings have been burnt at the parish of St. Stephen's on the British side of the river, others were saved with a great difficulty. From Calais to Eastport, about a fortnight since, the vessel in which our informant took passage was entirely enveloped in smoke.– In various places, the fires have been burning for six weeks ; there had been no rain for eight weeks to wet the ground.– *Boston Paper*.Extract of a letter to a Lady in the vicinity of Chelmsford, dated New Essex, Graham's Town, on the frontiers of Africa, June 21, 1821:–"I am seven hundred miles from the Cape of Good Hope, and should not receive intelligence of an arrival there for at least three weeks ; but my correspondent at Cape Town will procure comfortable lodgings, &c. until a ship sails for Algoa Bay, which is distant from me one hundred and thirty miles.– Few ships from England proceed farther than the Cape. Good ploughmen are wanted, and good footploughs, with spare wrought-iron shares and coulters, which are very expensive here ; iron-work nothing under 1s. per lb. Ransome's ploughs sell for 14l. each. Ploughmen will find plenty of employers, at from 2l. to 8l. per month and their board. Meat sells at 2d. per lb ; wheat 12s. bushel ; and barley 6s. Other articles of housekeeping are about the same price as in England ; but, on the other hand, we are in one of the healthiest climates in the world, and free from rent, tithes, and taxes of every description. Any one may live here as well with 500l. as in his native land with 5000l. The farming work is still[?] done with oxen, which are very fine, and bought at 3l. each ; cows are 30s. ; and sheep, 6s. a-head (having tails that weight 8lb., a complete lump of fat) ; clothes, linen, and all English goods, very dear.– Good mechanics, of any description, have very high wages. A cargo of Ladies would make a good speculation, in proceeding to the New Settlement ; for all that came out with the settlers have got husbands."By letters received from the Cape of Good Hope, we understand that the Royal African corps was disbanded there on the 26th of June last.By letters from Bombay, dated the 24 of May, we learn that the Governor, the Honourable Mr. Elphinstone, has returned to the Presidency, after a five months' tour to the northward. He must minutely examined all the judicial and revenue systems–furnishing the Collectors and Agents of Government with particular instructions for their guidance. He also sent out strong detachments to reduce some predatory hordes who have long plundered the country, and been a terror to the peaceable natives. Those plunderers are are called Bheels[?]. They live in the hills and woods, and descend in bands to commit their depredations. By these letters we learn, what is essential for young men going out to India to know, that Writers and Cadets now undergo an examination as to their knowledge of the native languages ; and no youth has a chance of success who is ignorant of the Hindoustanee[?]. The highest respect is entertained for the able manner in which the disinterested Dr. Gilchrist prepares young men for the services. We rejoice to learn that the Cholera Morbus has abated its rigour in the Deccan.Batavia journals of the 28th April give an account of a terrible earthquake which took place on the 29th December last, on the south coast of Celebes. It did immense damage, especially at Budekomba[?], where the sea rose several times to a prodigious height, and then falling in with the incredible rapidity, alternately deluged and left the shore, destroying all the plantations from Bontain to Boelekomba[?]. Many hundred have lost their lives. The fort of Boelekom-[?] ba was much damaged, that of Bontain less so. On the 4th of January this year, there was another shock of an earthquake, but we do not learn that it did any damage. It is with much regret we lay before our readers the following details of a most calamitous fire which broke out at Halifax, Nova Scotia, on the 17th ult. :" Halifax, Sept. 17. "The conflagration this morning was one of the most awful and destructive every witness in Halifax. It originated in Sackville-street, in the Bakery occupied by Shay and Milany, and before it was discovered, had gained an alarming height. It was near two o'clock when the bells were rung. The troops, seamean of his Majesty's ships, and inhabitants, soon assembled ; the engines were judiciously placed, lines formed to different reservoirs of water, and every exertion made to extinguish the fire, but we regret to state, that before any check could be given to it, the whole block of buildings, with the exception of a house situated at the corner of Sackville and Blowers'-streets, occupied by Mr H. Croskill, the houses occupied by Mrs. Neilson and Mr T. Muirhead, on Barringtonstreet, and a stable belonging to J. W. Johnston, Esq. in Granville-street, were consumed."For some time great apprehensions were entertaintained that the fire would extend to the houses on the opposite side of the streets, but fortunately it did not. Of the property burnt only about t1500 were insured, and the calamity has mostly fallen where it will long be severely felt–upon windows and orphan children– upon industrious tradesmen, whose whole stock of worldly wealth was invested in the tenements they occupied."To the troops, and the seamen of the ships of war, the town is, as usual, greatly indebted for the exertions made by them. Twenty-one houses were consumed, with other valuable property."America appears to be very unhealthy just now– The accounts from Long Island, Baltimore, Amelia Island, and Norfolk, are extremely calamitous. The whole of Amelia Island is a perfect hospital, not one family being well, and in many instances not one to assist another. So dreadful, indeed, is the disease, that there is not one sentinel to do duty. A New York Paper of the 30th ult. says–We are sorry to perceive from the *Franklin Gazette*, that the malignant fever continues to make serious ravages among our fellow citizens at Baltimore. Four full victims to it in the 24 hours ending on Sunday morning ; and six during the 24 hours ending Monday morning.
                      
---
Colonial IntelligenceIn our last paper, we gave, from the Jamaiza Gazettes, an account of the dreadful drought which had prevailed in that island for more than twelve months and the consequences of which had been most calamitous. We are now, however, most happy, in being able to state, upon the authority of a Gentleman who left Jamaica some days subsequently to the date of our preceding advices, that this terible evil, in such a climate particularly, had at length ceased. The following is the substance of the information which has been communicated to us:–"A few hours previous to my going on board the Jamaica packet, on the 3d of September, the rain fell in such torrents as to flood the streets of Kingston to the depth of two feet, and it seemed to be general throughout the district of Liguanea."Though too late to save the crop of sugar for the present, or, perhaps, the ensuing year, this seasonable change of weather would at least have the effect of staying the mortality among the cattle. As such, those interested in the island will receive the intelligence with gratification. On some properties, the canes had been cut as fodder to save the stock."We have the Cape of Good Hope papers to the 6th August, and as they are unusually barren in their contents, it is fair to infer that every thing was proceeding there in a satisfactory manner. The only article of the slightest interest relates to the change the Governor is gradually effecting in the currency, by removing from it all the base metal, and substituting gold and silver of standard value.The *Gazette of Dordrecht*  publishes accounts from Java to the 29th May. They confirm the statement of the decrease of the malady, and mention, that it was almost wholly subdued in the district of Samarang, but that 18,000 persons, mostly Europeans, had fallen victims. Batavia and Sourabaya were still infected.India –Extract of a letter from Calcutta, dated June 20:–"If the extension of foreign trading be considered with you as a means suited to alleviate the pressure, and ease the difficulties of Old England, which we read of here, we imagine that India can furnish beneficial openings to this kind of remedy. The use of articles of British production and exports is gaining ground rapidly here ; the English printed cottons are now carried in considerable quantities as far as Rajpootha, and find a ready sale, if they be of handsome patterns. The warehouses now are so far from being overstocked, that before the arrival of two vessels from England in the last fortnight, all European articles were exorbitantly high ; mustard flour sold about 20s. a pound ; cheese 1[?] ; ham, three half crowns the ld ; a common round hat, three guineas. These, undoubtedly, were prices arising from an unusual scarcity ; but it surely cannot be so very bad a trading, which admits, even, indicidentally, of such an exaggeration of price and profit. Government bonds are now at six per cent premium, though they bear but half the usual or legal interest of the country. This is a tolerable evidence of the credit of the Company and the Government. There is a great and increasing prosperity in Hindostan. The augmented cultivation of the Upper Provinces within these two years is surprising.
                      
---
Emigration.The following is an extract of a letter dated Louisville, August 12th, 1820, from a Scotchman who has been long settled in America, to his friend, a Scotch Farmer, who rents 500 acres of land in the County of Middlesex."The circumstances in which this country is placed at present are truly melancholy, when compared to what they have been ; yet still it is a better country to live in than Britain. It is not easy to make money by farming, at present, in the United States, for the want of a market; and I am of opinion that things will not mend, in this respect, for some years, for all are sellers and none buyers. All kinds of produce are selling, or rather offered for sale, at one-third of what prices were two years ago. Land, of course, has fallen in the same ratio. The best of cleared land, within from 5 to 10 miles of this town, is offered for them from 10 to 20 dollars an acre. You will thence conclude that this is a favourable time to purchase – and that for a man who has a little money, and a large family able and willing to labour with their hands, this is a most excellent country, as he can easily raise on this cheap land all the necessaries, and many of the luxuries, of life. He will find it difficult to get gold or silver, or even our own bad bank notes; but a man cannot be badly off with more beef, mutton, pork and grain, than he can dispose of. He has no rent to make up by term day: his taxes are next to nothing, and although he may grumble to have to turn his pigs into his corn field to save the expense of reaping it, or to see his apples rotting under his trees by barn-fulls because he has not room or use for them, yet still these are beatable distresses compared to those of the poor farmers in our native land, and as I suppose in England. To the wealthier farmer the change is not beneficial or desirable. It is true that if he stays long in Britain he will soon become less wealthy; yet still he would for some time regret the change. He would miss many things made necessary by habit; he would find his servants more lazy, and less obedient ; and he would even experience pain because the modes of farming he is accustomed to will not do here; but when he gets over these things, he will find the advantage of the change. To say nothing of the difference of the Government, and the satisfaction of chusing one's own rulers, there are many desirable things here. I estimate, as the greatest, the ease of providing for one's family. A man may, with very little exertion, leave to all his children land enough to make them independent. Hence that sickening anxiety about the future fate of a family is little known here."
                      
---
