LANDS in AMERICA for SALE. THESE two adjoining TRACKS of LAND in the County of FAYETTE and State of KENTUCKY. The one track consists of 7000 acres, and is divided into 15 plantations of 500 acres each; eight of these plantations, are still unsold, and are now offered at the low price of 137l. being only 5s. 6d. per acre. The other track counsists of 3086 acres, and is to be sold in one lot, at 5s. 6d. per acre. There is a fine stream of water running through these two tracks of land, which communicates with the great river Ohio, so that Mills may be erect. In Fayette County is Lexington, where the Courts of the State of Kentucky are held, and where all public business is transacted Lexington is in the neighbourhood of these lands, and Fayette county is the nearest and most convenient for Philadelphia, Baltimore, City of Washington, &c. The soil of Kentucky is deep and black, and lies upon a bed of lime-stone and coal. THe natural grown of the country are large walnuts, honey, poplar and sugar trees. The surface is covered with blue grass, clover, and wild rye, grape vines running to the tops of the trees. Shrubs and plants grow spontaneously, and afford a beautiful blossom of a rich and exquisite fragrance. Cotton and sugar are manufactured to advantage. wheat ,barley, oats, flax, and hemp, yield abundantly; indeed, it is assumed that there have been raised 100 bushels upon one acre, but the common produce is from 40 to 60 bushels an acre. Owing to the peculiar richness of the soil, and fine climate of the country, no part of America has been to repidly settled. The returns made to Congress, upon 1st May 1792 state them at 76 000. In March 1793, there were upwards of 100,000. And, from their astonishing increase since, they may be estimated at 200,000. Eleven years ago, Kentucky lay in a forest, but now she exhibits an extensive settlement, divided into seven populous counties, in which are a great number of flourishing towns, and contains more inhabitants than are in Georgia, Delaware, and Rhode Island States. There are about 70 churches in Kentucky and mostly PResbyterians. There is a College; and Schools are established in every town. There is a Printing-office; a Weekly Gazette published. There are Paper Mills, O??? Mills,???ing Mills, Saw Mills, and a great number of Grist Mills. Considerable quantities of Sugar, are made from the Sugar Trees. Salt-works are in every part of the country, and the inhabitants are supplied at a low price. The taxes upon land are very low. Any person who goes from Europe becomes an American Citizen on his arrival in this new State, and is entitled to be elected to any office in the Commonwealth. For farther particulars apply to MR. John Granger, writer to the signet; David Niven, writer, Glasgow; or to Mr. John Finlayson, writer, Cupar Fife;