THE following extract from a late publication, entitled, " A State of the present Government of the Province of Quebec," will give the public some idea of the Canada Bill, which has been so much talked of an procrastinated so long, and at present pending in Parliament. The work we understand to be the production of Adam Lymburner, Esq; set over by the province to negotiate this afair. It is remarkable,withhis former publication, for its strong nervous elocution and perspicuity of reasoning."Liberty is congenial to the feelings of all mankind. The security which flows from a free constitution, to both political and civil liberty, contributes greatly towards bringing forth the powers of the human mind, and the encouragement of the industry of people ; but no constitution can be called free where the people are not allowed to participate of the legislative authority by their representatives : This is the great criterion of freedom; and it is extremely natural for all British subjects, as they know the value of it, to struggle for such a valuable right. Great Britain has constantly acknoledged this principle in the constitution she has granted to all her Colonies; and by that means has rendered them more flourishing and prosperous than those of other nations. Although the inhabitants of the province of Quebec have, from the general tendency of the British government to a mild administration, enjoyed a certain degree of civil liberty; yet they have been, from the peculiar nature of the system of their government, entirely deprived of all political liberty. A more full enjoyment of these essential privileges has been the prayer of their petitions, and of those now before the House of commons. The objects prayed for may be reduced to the following heads:–"1. An elective house of assembly or representatives of the people. 2. That the members of the legislative council receive no salaries as counsellors. 3. That the *habeas corpus* act, and the other laws of England relating to personal liberty,be made a part of the constitution. 4. That trial by jury in civil causes be likewise made part of the constitution, and that nine out of twelve may return a verdict. 5. That the ancient laws and customs of Canada, relative to landed property, marriage settlements, inheritance, and dowers, be continued in force in the districts or