*From the *Jamaica Royal Gazette. *Kingston, Nov*. 28.By late arrivals from Hispaniola we learn, that the people are in quietness, but still armed; and that the Governor, who had been suffered to remain, but the Intendent only having fled, is perfectly submissive to the will of the people.For several days last week the weather at the north side, and in some of the Liguanea Mountains blew in most alarming gusts, and the cold is said to have been peculiarly sever; some plantain trees have been thrown down, but we have yet heard of no material damage.The sloop Resolution has brought into port a part of his Majesty's 10th regiment of foot, consisting of a serjeant, and 29 privates, having received them from on board the ship Commerce, Foot, from London, off the East End on Thursday last, the Commerce being destined for Savanna la Mar.*Dec*. 26. Late on Thursday evening his Majesty's ship Amphion, Captain Nichols, returned to Port-Royal from the Spanish American coast. The Amphion was bound to Carthagena, but was prevented by the jealousy of the Spaniards from entering that port. Accounts are said to be received by her that a revolt has taken place amongst the Indians in that quarter, and that the Spaniards are demolishing the fortifications throughout the country, which it has cost them so much labour and expence to raise; so apprehensive are they of the numbers and force of the malcontents, should they possess themselves of any of those strong holds.We learn from Georgia, that the treaty with the Indians, to negotiate with Commissioners were appointed by the President of the United States, has been broken off; and that Mr. M'Gillivray and his warriors have declared, that nothing short of a cession of the territory between the rivers St. Mary and Altamaha will satisfy them; adding, that no equivalent can be given to the Georgians for relinquishing their claim to the district in question, as it is founded in usurpation. The views of Mr. M'Gillivray in making this requisition are evident, as it is known that he wishes to establish a sea-port at St Mary's, as well for thecommercial emolument, as for the civilization of his countrymen, by an intercourse with foreign States.