*Extract of a letter from Luxene County.*"On Saturday the 1st of July, I left Tioga point, near the middle of the day; about half after one o'clock P. M. a shower appeared to be rising from the north west, and I had scarcely time to take shelter in the house of Obadiah Gore, Esq; at Sheshequen, before the storm came on, attended with heavy thunder and lightening, and a violent gale of wind with rain. The storm continued upwards of half an hour, during which time to see the tumbling of timber during the storm, was surprising. After it abated I continued on my journey, but found it very difficult travelling in many places, the road being blocked up by the falling of timber. I reached Wilksbarree on Wednesday. It appears that the storm extended through the country, and at the same hour of the day, blew more violent in some places than others. At Exeeter, about nine miles from Wilksbarrie, a level plain loaded with pitch pine timber, was swept of its timber; scarce a tree left for more than a mile in length, and three fourths of a mile wide, being either torn up by the roots or twisted off, leaving their stumps from 5 to 30 feet high."A number of buildings in different parts of the country stript of their roofs, and otherways damaged–fences in many place removed, and many fields of corn, others grain and flax laid level with the earth–cattle killed by the falling of timber in every part of the country."A Mr. –Lot, who lived at Mahooper, about 35 miles from Wilksbarre, whose family consisted of his wife and a number of children– he with his wife being absent children seeing themselves in danger in the house, left it at the instant a large tree was falling; the tree reached them a small distance from the door, and a girl about eleven years of age was crushed to pieces about expired instantly. One of the other children had a thigh and both arms broke, another badly wounded in the head–these two it is feared has received the fatal blow, two other slightly wounded."*Extract of a letter from Richmond, Virginia, dated  July *28."By accounts from Kentucky we are informed, that about the 1st of this month a party of Indians appeared near Frankfort, and took a great number of horses and negroes. Col. M'Dowell with 300 men pursued them to the Ohio; but not falling in with them he crossed the river, leaving 100 men to take care of his horses; after marching about 12 or 15 miles, overtook a large party, when a severe engagement ensued, but being overpowered by numbers, was obliged to retreat. He then sent for the men left behind, and came up with the Indians the next day, and after engaging some time, obliged them to make a precipitate retreat. Col. M'Dowell took six Indian warriors, two Englishmen and a Frenchman from Detroit, and all the negroes and horses."*Newtown, June*  27.On the 13th instant the meeting house in Newtown, was removed about eight rods, the removal was effected in one hour and an half, after previous preparations for the purpose had been made. The house is between 70 and 80 feet long, and about 50 feet wide, with a steeple at one end; the whole of which was removed entire, with the least injury to any part.