CanadaThe inhabitants of Upper Canada have had another meeting, under the title of a Convention at York ; when they came to the following resolutions ; Richard Beasely, Esq. in the chair :–"Resolved–1. That whilst this Convention holds it one one of the most sacred right of British subjects at all times directly to petition the throne of their Sovereign relative to their grievances, yet nevertheless, under the present peculiar existing circumstances of this country, the Members of this Convention, as well out of respect to that Honourable Body the Commons House of Assembly of Upper Canada, as for other causes, deem it their indispensable duty, on this important occasion, to recommend in the strongest terms to their fellow subjects resident in this province, a spirit, formal, and respectful application to that Honourable House, for an inquiry into the state of the province."2. That John Clarke Cyrus Sumner, and Roderick Drake, Esqs. be a permanent Committee, for the management of the affairs of the Convention, and that they, as soon as may be practicable, prepare a respectful petition, praying for inquiring, and expressive of grievances (for the sanction of this Convention), to be by them circulated for subscribers, and presented at the bar of the House of Assembly at their next meeting session.That the said Committee be further authorised to frame and Address to his Royal Highness the Prince Regent, on the subject of grievances believed to exist in Upper Canada, which, when approved of by the Convention, shall be submitted by the Committee, together with the petition above mentioned, to the Honourable House of Assembly, at their next meeting, for their alterationg and amendment."Mr Gourlay, who has had so instrumental a hand in instigating these proceedings, is stated to have been arrested and held to bail, at Kingston, for distributing a printed account of the state of grievances of the people of the Niagara district ; and this by direction of the AttorneyGeneral of the province, who is reported to have influenced the Justice who signed the warrant, by certain threats of vengeance if he refused. Another report is mentioned as being in circulation, namely, that official instruction have been sent to particular Magistrates, to take notice of, and transmit to Government, the names of all persons holding commissions, civil or military, who engage in the measures of petitioning the Prince Regent, as recommended by Mr Gourlay, in order that they may be removed from their offices."The Upper Canada Convention met at York on the 6th inst. under the Presidency of Richard Bearly, Esq. J. P. It has styled itself a Convention of Friends to Free Inquiry, and resolved to change the proposed plan of sending deputies to England with a petition to his Royal Highness the Prince Regent, confining itself to an application to the House of Assembly for an inquiry into the state of the province, and a petition to his Royal Highness, to be presented to Sir Peregrine Maitland for transmission.– *From the Quebec Gazette of July*  31.