Leeds, *April*  19.–We have been somewhat alarmed here to-day, though no bad consequences have followed, by a most numerous assemblage of croppers, cloth-dressers, and other artisans and labourers out of employment. They kep coming in at an early hour in the forenoon from Wortley, Armley, Holbeck, and all the neighbouring towns and villages and it is computed that at one time there were full three thousand of these distressed people assembled, chiefly in Briggate. As many of them marched into the town with great sticks in their hands, they created some little alarm, but their conduct was uniformly peaceable; their complaints were not loud, though they might be deep ! The worthy Mayor and Magistrates, with the whole of the Civil Power, were in readiness to act as circumstances might require; but, fortunately, there was not the slightest occasion for their interference. By far the greater number of the assemblage dispersed by noon, and returned to their respective homes. Several respectable gentlemen went among them, to ascertain the motives of their thus assembling ; and from every inquiry it does not appear that they have the least disposition to commit any breath of the peace ; but in fact, the people know not what to do in their present state of distress. I understand that an active subscription is going, to enable a number of these poor men to proceed to Canada; and others are said to have expressed their wish to be sent to Botany Bay, provided they can obtain the sanction of Government. The case of these people is a very perplexing one ; for their numbers augment daily by fresh discharges from the various manufactories.Chester, *April*  19.–John Bagguely, John Drummond and Samuel Johnson, convicted of sedition on the 15th inst., were this day, after an adrdress from the Chief-Justice (Mr Serjeant Copley,) sentenced to two years' imprisonment, and to find security for their good behaviour for two years, each in L.500 himself with sureties in L.100 each.We are sorry to hear that great number of the agricultural poor are out of employ in Monmouthshire, and that the amount of wages diminishes as works get scarcer. Emigration to America still continues; but it is, for the most part, of a description of person who have afforded employ to others rather than require it for themselves. Many also take some property with them.Amongst the recent emigrations to the United States, there are twenty six persons belonging to one family, (Quakers, of the name of Thistlewaith,) lately residing in Meadow lane, Leeds. These industrious and enterprising individuals are gone with an intention of carrying on the woollen manufacture (in conjunction with others) on an extensive scale, either at Philadelphia or some other more eligible site in its vicinity. Several other families are preparing to emigrate from the same neighbourhood, as well as from Dewsbury, Bradford, and other places in the vicinity. It is true these extensive emigrations may, in some degree, contribute to relieve our overburdened population ; but they must likewise tend, in an equal ratio, to impoverish the nation ; as every individual and family who emigrate, setting aside the pecuniary wealth they carry with them, take what is of far more consequence to a commercial nation–their talents and industry–articles, at present, of comparative small value in the country.The very heavy impost which is at present levied upon authors and publishers, by being compelled, under the existing Copyright Act to deliver eleven copies of every book published to certain public libraries, is likely to be repealed by a Bill to be brought into Parliament in a few days. The body of evidence taken before the Select Committe of the House of Commons last year, forms a most interesting display of the state of literary property in this country.Saturday last Mr Stuart and Mr Allsop were returned for the Borough of Camelford.Yesterday, the Grand Jury for the County of Middlesex found two Bills of Indictment for wilful and corrupt perjury against five of the principal witnesses produced in behalf of the petitioner, who were examined before the Select Committee appointed to try the merits of the election fo Penrhyn.*Extraordinary Legacy.* –A very singular cause is now depending before the Court of Session in Scotland, respecting a legacy to the amount of upwards of *fifty thousand pounds,* bequeathed by the late Earl of F. (who died at Berlin) to a foreigner, who was one of his domestic servants. The payment of the legacy is disputed by the heir-at-law of the late Earl, on the ground that it was given for a highly immoral consideration ; and from its novelty the case is, of course, the subject of much conversation in the Northern Metropolis. The arguments and pleadings in this extraordinary suit, in which the most eminent counsel of the Edinburgh Bar are engaged, display much classical as well as legal learning ; but no judgement has yet been pronounced by the Court. From the magnitude of the sum in dispute, it will probably be finally determined by an appeal to the House of Lords.– *Morn. Chron.**Town Hall, Southwark.* –Thomas Wing was brought up by Reeve, the Marshalman, and examined before Sir John Earner[?], the sitting Magistrate, charged on suspicion of robbing his employers, Messrs Sentance and Flint, grocers, NO. 300. Borough, High-street.The prisoner's detection was caused in the following singular manner :–He was porter to the prosecutors, and was frequently about the shop ; a large house dog having seen him take money from the till, which he tied in his pocket handkerchief, followed him about till he saw him conceal it in a shed near the stables, and then he came into the shop and appeared quite restless, pulling every person by the skirt[?] and apparently wishing them to follow him. At length Henry Heydon, the apprentice, having occasion to go to the stable, the dog followed him, and having drawn his attention to the heap of rubbish, under which the money was buried, began to scratch at it till he brought the booty to view ! The apprentice brought it to his master, who counted, and found it to contain 12s. in copper coin. After marking it he desired the boy to place it in the same spot, which he did, and soon afterwards, finding that it was removed, he asked the prisoner some questions about it, but he declared his ignorance of the whole transaction. Reeve, the Marshalman, was then sent for, who, on searching the prisoner, found some of the marked ballpence[?] in his pocket.–Remanded. *Bank Committee.* –The Opposition Journals, last wek, asserted that the Rank Restriction Committee of the House of Commons intend to report in favour of Mr Ricardo's plan of paying in specie. That is, the Bank shall pay next January in gold bars at the present price of gold, L.4 1s. per ounce, any quanitity of notes not being less than sixty or a hundred pounds' worth, and that in two years afterwards they shall pay them in gold bars at the standard price of gold, L.3, 17s. 10 1/2 per ounce. Mr Ricardo's plan goes farther. It recommends that the Bank shall never pay in coin, but in bars of gold, at the standard price ; in short that the Bank shall at all times buy gold, when offered, at L.3, 17s. and sell it, when demanded, at L.3, 17s. 10 1/2d.If the Opposition Journals be correct in stating that the Restriction Committee intend to report in favour of payments in bullion at the market price ; and should Parliament adopt that plan ; then there will be a very great saving to the nation in the expense of coinage, the waste of, &c. All the purposes for which a metallic currency is necessary in foreign commerce, will be answered as well by payments in gold bars as by payments in coins, and the danger of a domestic run on the Bank for gold coin in a moment of panic, as in 1797, will be completely prevented. This is, indeed, at all times, the only danger to which it is exposed. A run for coin on the Country Banks would instantly fall on the Bank of England, and would cramp, if not dry up,the currency throughout the empire, producing the greatest confusion. Now, if the Opposition Journals be correct, the currency will be placed in perfect security, at perfect ease. Nothing will be able to disorder it. If persons will hoard specie, they must purchase gold bars or foreign coin, or content themselves with silver.In the year 1815 and 1816 we imported corn only to the amount of L.800,000 each year, and then the value of gold was rather below the standard price. In the year 1817 we imported to the amount of six millions, and in the year 1818 we imported to the amount of eleven million Sterling. During the last two years the price of gold rose. Should we have an abundant harvest or two, and little importation of corn become necessary, gold will again fall very low. The Bank will then be able to pay, to buy gold to the full extent of Mr Ricardo's plan, and to place their notes on a firm, unquestionable foundation. The finances of the continent, and of the world, indeed–the sources and circulation of money will, during peace, gradually become steadier and better known. The East Indies at present drain away an extraordinary quantity of specie, while Spanish America, in consequence of her troubles, yields far less than usual. It would be madness to fly in the face of all these circumstances, by compelling the Bank to pay in gold coin. Perhaps it may be desirable to limit the issue of bank notes to some certain, yet liberal amount. We pretend not to anticipate the Report of the Committee ; but, if some rumours be true, we augur favourably of it. It[?] is said Mr Tierney divided the Committee, and stood alone in voting against the Report. Thus, then, the Report cannot be in favour of a very sudden or decided plan for the resumpion of cash payments, or Mr Tierney would not have voted against it ; and yet it must hold out a reasonable prospect of a rational scheme for that resumption, or the other five or six Opposition Members of the Committee would not have voted for it. – *Courier*.*Grand Pigeon Match*, three Gentlemen of the Midgham Club, against thrice of All England, took place on Monday on Farnham Downs, at twenty-one birds, twenty-one yards distance from the gun, for 150 guineas aside, charge unlimited. Messrs Adams, Russel and Holt, were selected from the Crack Club against Messrs King, Short and Keans. The sports were as follows ; Mr Adams killed nineteen birds, and the remaining two were severely hit. Russel killed eighteen, but lost one three yards out of bounds, and Mr Holt bagged sixteen, making a grand total of fifty-two from sixty-three. The Club was at first backed to win, but the England shots were now backed freely at six to four, as they were considered safe *eighteen*  bird men. Mr King killed twenty, but lost two out of bounds. Short missed his first three, which brought betting to two to one onn the Club, but he killed the next seventeen, and missed the last bird. Mr Keans had seventeen to tie, and eighteen to win, and he was back at five to four and at two to one, after killing eleven birds in succession. He, however, missed the seventeenth, and had to kill the other four to win. He succeeded, and the prize was won by once bird. It was altogether the most interesting match of this sort known for years.Letters from Petersburgh, of the 15th ultimo, mention that Prince Gustavus of Sweden, son of King Gustavus IV., has obtained permission from the Emperor, his uncle, to proceed to England, for the purpose of completing his studies at Oxford. Reports speak highly of the virtues and talents of this unfortunate young Prince, who excites universal interest and sympathy in the north of Europe. In these feelings we must largely share, for we cannot easily forget the associations with which the name of *Vasa*  was connected, not the services rendered by two Sovereigns of that Illustrious House to the cause of civil and religious liberty. It is said that a great Potentate, whose generosity and magnanimity are proverbial, has settled upon Prince Gustavus an allowance of L. 2,000 Sterling per annum, during the residence of the latter in England, and that on the return of his Royal Highness to the Continent he is to espouse his cousin, a Princess of Hesse Cassel, who, if rumour be correct, has lately refused a matrimonial alliance with the new Swedish dynasty.Papers arrivedon Saturday from New York and Boston to the 15th ult. The National Intelligencer, in an article occupying five columns, under the head of "Strictures on Mr Lacock's Report on the Seminole War," defends the sanguinary proceedings of General Jackson. This production is said to have excited a great sensation throughout the United States, being supposed to express the sentiments of the Executive. The General had left Washington for his residence in Tenessee. By an arrival from Aux Cayes, intelligence was stated to be received that Sir G M'Gregor's troops had deserted him, owing to the want of funds for their subsistence.