Colonial IntelligenceA letter from Corfu, dated the 10th ult. states that the Governor of the Ionian Islands, General Maitland, embarked on the 8th inst. for Rome, in order to negotitate a Concordat relative to the Romish Clergy of the United Islands, as it appeared that Lord Guildford, who had been charged with the affair by the Prince Regent, had failed in his negotiation to that effect.Previously to the departure of the Governor, a deputation from the Parguinotes emigrants waited upon him, to claim the sum to be paid by Ali Pacha, for property left in Parga, agreeably to stipulation. General Maitland assured them he would not depart without adopting measures in their favour, and immediately issued a proclamation, appointing a commission of payment. Sir Frederick Adam fills the office of High Commissioner, *ad interim*, during the absence of the Governor.Advices from Demerara are received to the 3d ult. The following is from the Guiana Chronicle of the 24th May:–" We observe by St Vincent: papers, which we have just received, that the Royal York Rangers, under the command of Colonel Smelt, had embarked on board the Diadem and Elizabeth transports for Canada, where the regiment is intended to be disbanded. It is stated that each of the men will have a certain portion of land allotted them in that province for cultivation and their future support.We have received Newfoundland Papers to the 23d ult by which we learn that in the Court of Session, on the 18th idem, Capt. Redman, of the brig San Domingo, from Ross, was ordered to pay a fine of 10l. each, for 20 passengers brought in that vessel over and above the number allowed by act of Parliament; and a further sum of 10l. for not having the regulations respecting passengers posted up in some conspicuous part of the vessel ; making in all a fine of 210l.We subjoin an extract from the Montreal Herald of the 12th June, relative to Mr Gourlay, the celebrated reformer:From the Niagara Spectator, of the 27th May, we find the far famed champion of civil liberty, Mr Gourlay, has again made his debut in an address to the resident landowners of Upper Canada. This production is of the same stamp as him other lucubrations, abounding with strong and vigorous assertions in place of facts–a well wove sophistry to beguile the superficial reader ; and some of the most egregious errors in colonial policy recommended with a speciousness well calculated to deceive. Having so often stated out dissent from the political proceeding of this reformer, it would be deemed intrusive by many of our readers to enter into a refutation of the tenets, or an exposure of the absurdities, contained in his address. By others we might be supposed as exalting over a prostrate foe. Both imputations we utterly disclaim ; while, as men we regret that the mad career pursued by Mr Gourlay has deprived society of the benefits which might have been reaped from his better talents (of which he doubtless has a share), we must, as good subjects, feel happy that his career has been checked without any bad consequences to society.The following is the present distribution of the forces in the West Indies:– 2d Regiment (or Queen's) –Demerara. 4th Ditto–Head-quarters, Grenada, five companies; Trinidad, three companies ; and Tobago, two companies. 5th Ditto–Head-quarters, Antigua, five companies ; St. Christopher's, four companies ; Montserrat, one company. 9th Ditto–Head-quarters, St Vincent's, five companies ; Dominica, three companies ; St Lucia, two companies. 21st Ditto (Fusileers)–Barbadoes. 1st West India Regiment–Head-quarters, Barbadoes, six companies ; St Lucia, one company ; Dominica, two companies ; Antigua, one company. 3rd Ditto–Head-quarters, Trinidad, five companies till further orders. In Jamaica are the 50th, 58th, 61st, and 92d regiment. In Honduras, five companies of the 2d West India regiment.