Colonial Intelligence*Success of the Cutch Expedition against the Sindeans *–The following extract of a letter from Bombay bringing this intelligence, we copy from Carrick's Post, which appears to have exclusive means of obtaining information on India affairs:–"Bombay, Sept. 12, 1820. "While I was seeing the last of your goods on board, last night, a vessel arrived in the harbour having on board an officer from Cutch, who was the hearer of the official intelligence of the complete success of Sir Charles Culville's expedition against the Sindeans. The expedition consisted of 12,000 men, commanded by his Excellency the Commander in Chief ; from all I could clean of intellience from the followers, it appeared there had been some hard fighting for five days ; but it ended, as might be anticipated, from the imposing force sent against the Sindeans. The moment the officer (who is one of the Staff, and an Irishman) landed, he set out for the Government House, to inform Lady Colville of the event, as it must be supposed she was in a state og anxiety, her husband being the commander, and her brother, and her uncle, Colonel T. Blair, being also on the expedition. At day-light this morning orders arrived from the Government House, to secure a passage and private cabin for the officer in th ship which takes this to England, but there was no such accomodation, as the cabins were all full ; and as another vessel will not sail from thence about ten days, this and will be off to-day, the chance is, you will have this letter at least six weeks before the officers can reach England with the official intelligence. All kinds of European produce are a drug hee, paricularly fine goods ; and rum, brandy, and geneva, are for a song. The cholera has rather abated, but still rages in a frightful manner."The Rio Janeiro packet arrived on Tuesday with letters to the 21st of November. Advices had been received from Rio Grande, stating that Artigas had been taken prisoner. The Portuguese frigate, Union, had captured two insurgent privateers which had been committing depredations on the coast. The events in Portugal, owing to which, as well as to the idea that the King would be prudent enough to sanction what had taken place in Portugal, the prices of produce had experienced very trifling alteration, though, if the contrary should be the case, a considerable rise was anticipated. The following relates to what is passing in Peru :–Extract of a letter from Rio Janeiro, dated November 20 :–" The Chilians have at length carried into effect their boasted expedition, which left Valparaiso on the 21st August, and arrived at Pisco at the beginning of September. San Martin landed 4,500 men, but the blacks, cattle, &c. had all been previously sent away from the estates in that quarter, so that they will be disappointed in meeting with partisans ; indeed the slaves and lower orders, whom they expected to find favourable to their views, are the most irritated against the insurgents. We have letters from Lima to the 12th September, which speaks of the little apprehensions entertained of San Martin and his troops, the Viceroy having a formidable force, in the capital and vicinity, of 8,000 men, commanded by good officers. The Viceroy, is Commander-in-Chief, La Serna, second, and La Mar and O'Reilly command divisions. They were observin San Martin's movements who already experienced the difficulties of subsisting his men. The Marquis of Vallembrozo was on his flank, with a strong detachment of cavalry, with a view to prevent him from sending emissaries into the interior, and collecting horses. It is thought the insurgents will soon have to re-embark ; for, as soon as they are a little pressed for provisions, and fighting comes on, numbers will desert. Those who have already come over describe their situation as very critical. Two vessels, one an English, and the other a French, were preparing to sail from Callao for this place, and by them we shall receive further particulars. The most enthusiastic preparations were making in Lima to proclaim the constitution in a formal manner, for which purpose orders had been received from Madrid. This of itself is sufficient to defeat all views Cochrane and San Martin may have on the country, except, as before, a little plunder on the open and defenceless parts of the coast.Letters from Sierra Leone, dated the 24th of Nov. mention that the whole squadron was lying there.– The Pheasant, Myrmidon, Snapper, and Thistle, were lying off the Cape, waiting for the Morgiana to complete her water, provisions, &c. which ship was obliged to be assisted by the squadron, in consequence of her very sickly state. She had recently arrived from the River Gambia, whither she had proceeded in dread of attack by the natives on our infant colony there. A letter of thanks had been voted to Captain Finlason, by the merchants of that colony, for the very able manner in which he brought to an amicable conclusion the differences between the Native Chiefs and the British interests in the Gambia. The Morgania brought from the Gambia, Dr Dochard and forty-six men belonging to the mission under Major Gray, for exploring Africa. Dr D. had been at Sago ; but, in consequence of internal wars, he was unable to proceed further. Major Gray was there with very few men ; he will not proceed further for some time.