Colonial IntelligenceWe have received Canada Papers to the 10th May. The active exertions of the Governor to improve the inland navigation had given very general satisfaction. In the course of the Session of the Colonial Parliament, which was prorogued on the 14th April, no less than three Addresses were presented to Earl Dalhousie, to be forwarded to the King ; one respecting the allowance of half-pay to the Militia ; another respecting the duties imposed in British ports on lumber from Canada ; and third related to the losses sustained by the people of Canada, during the late war. His excellency the Governor had intimated, that no objection would be made to the repeal of the grant of 2,500l on account of the Civil List for the Colony, provided the salaray of the Chief retired Justice, the ReceiverGeneral, and that of the Speaker of the House of Assembly, should be continued, in the whole amounting to 1,800l. The grant has for some time been a prominent subject of complaint in the Colonial Parliament.The 37th Regiment for three years stationed in Lower Canada is about to leave the Colony for England. The Staff Corps was to proceed to the Ottawa, to carry into effect the intended plan for removing the obstructions in that river.An article from Montreal, dated May 5, states, that a messenger was leaving that place to announce the union of the North and Hudson's Bay Companies, at their respective establishments. The former of these companies was under control of Lord Selkirk, and the schism that has so long reigned between them, with its fatal consequences, is well know to the Public.By Letters from Bombay we learn that 20 ships have been taken up by the vigilant Governor, on board of which 5000 troops are embarked, destined to the Persian Gulph, to repair the disaster suffered by the surprise of the detachment left by Sir Wm. Kier, under the direction of a young man. The gallant Gen. Lionel Smith has been selected for this important service ; and we have no doubt but that he will convince the Arabs of the impolicy of their treacherous proceedings, and justify the high confidence which the Government of Bombay have in his talents and valour.– His Excellency Mr. Elphinstone, completely recovered, is gone on a tour to Kutch, to settle all disputes, and to ascertain the true situation of the country.– How important it is for the Heads of the Presidencies, thus to judge from actual observation, instead of trusting to mere reports. This proves the benefits of appointing men of experience and energy in the conduct of our Indian Empire–which is now, throuh the admirable conduct of the Governor General, and the two other Presidencies, in a state of unexampled, tranquility and prosperity.